 they will usually offer you something to drink while you wait....so ashamed that I actually know that 
 man, i know.
sucks bigtime.
and im trying it thru the mobile web, but it isn't working.
Gah.
preparing a funeral for my phone (it's dying) -- am very sad 
Becky is tryin to work out how to use this thing!
Im not doin too well here......
ha ha
new Nambu doesn't seem to update the Home directory when reading in Groups  how did this functionality get lost, and where's the FB?
I miss everyone 
You know what's surprisingly hard to find?
A case for an iPod Touch 1G.
One made specifically for the shape of the 1G.
Mine broke.
Purp gone, back to this Reggie.
I'mma tell u like somebody told me: Reggie belongs on the field, not in a blunt 
my stupid phone hasn't rang or anything all day, no texts either,  no one loves me
they're both dead.
yes!
finally copy &amp; paste on my iPhone!
about time..
only thing I didn't get was the mms-pic send (I still have Gen 1) 
So sad hollister is closed 
mmmmmm.....
marinated chicken and pork chops.
oh no they're gone!!!!
might get my hair cut today, depends if i feel like getting rid of all my baby curls by midday 
this bitch so ugly she make my eyes hurt....
Note to self: eating a coconut lollipop makes your favorite iced tea (Sweet Lead Mint &amp; Honey Green Tea) taste less spectacular.
Regrets 
 raising hand butbi can't shave my head 
 sorry day is not going so great  maybe 2morrow will be better!
 the 12th?
Yes, its coming out as 3 books though.
still waiting on final titles of last 2 books
the itunes store is making me so sad...
all i want is my landscape texting!!
is kinda worried about tomoro 
hates studying for exams....
 he is a lucky duck but the bad thing is i cant keep a secret and i think my dad knows what we got him im trying to study too 
 yeah i'm sorry  is it the doodle one?
sooo bored.
twitter is boring!
all you do is sit here and do nothing.
i dont like this site.
 yo playa when did you get twitter??!!!
Haha and where have you been?
Now that you got a ball and chain we never see you 
 not yet..
cant find my usb connector!
haha for iTouch or what?
pretty good?
- Was referring to the fact I have an ipod touch and I don't have the $9.95 apple is making ipod touch users pay to get it 
 ROFL i heard from anna u were supposed to use proportion.
oh wells.
OOOH i screwed up on centroids question too 
What ever happened to the 9-5 jobs?
Now you go in early and leave late.
 who gets forced to waer corduroy?
 wish I could!
I'm broke though 
 Why are you in a bad mood?
Just not having a good day?
 You don't...
Scary stuff!
I'll never sleep tonight...
Tom Jones's She's A Lady ringing in my ear 
i wanna have a bubble bath!
but that's hard to do in a shower...
my silly puppy pablo is rather annoying.....and wont leave me alone  any one want a puppy lol
  I hope it feels better!
&lt;3
 There is one,opened 2 months ago...
 FAT dogs have feelings too 
Going home 
Doh!
Can't watch Hulu from here.
 Its for Iran man!
Its a fucked up country 
 text me.
i dont have ur number any more 
 i was like oh shiz.
mr boettcher told us it might be on the test &amp; he gave us info shts about it 
 LMFAO  Yeah kind of sort of!?!
can't even be a cocktail waitress?!?
Like WTF.
LOL
Cordoba was beautiful...Ive still got the cough from hell though!
oh no, i've started doing it 
 However, I am not very chuffed that I cannot make it tomorrow for drinks!
Booooooooo
 i was young when that happened..
don't judge me   lmao.
No Rush for me 
got the book for ap lang gonna start 2night after my homework  i dont want to &amp; im sooo full i cant even think about food till 2morow
i so want to SNEEZE but it just won't happen, feels like i've opened a bottle of fizzy juice in my head n the bubbles have no where to go 
TV doesn't get good til 5 
I can't even get the OSX Java update to D/L 
 bad times  People can be rubbish.
But LOVEEE!
&lt;3
 I don't even get to try the features till august 
 I think I made him angry 
Here I go with my country music  FML!
bought new star nose screw.
its smaller than my old one.
not satisfied.
:/ i guess it will HAVE to do 
 I just played tennis for 5 hours and I smell 
taylor youre mean 
 not really but yea.....u stress me out 
1 AM.
going to bed....
but i'm not sleepy 
 it's not a real poster  it's just a pic on the site.
But it should still be on my walllll.
 umm that would be me   he grew another 1/2 inch this month.
hate you dezerita 
One of my cousins might have swine flu  I'm on my way to the airport to go home!
Can't wait to see Drew.
 follow me  so i can send you direct messages 
I have an ear infection and throat i  feel horrible 
i cant get to sleep with this itchy toe 
i miss my girls 
is not ready for the loooooong weekend!
Tho I'll bet sum smart-arse Gaelgoir is gonna correct my spelling/grammer 
I will not speed again, I will not speed again........
$ for nothing!
had to take cat to vet again, claws on 1 foot outgrowing wear ...
poor old girl 
 hahaha, it's funny b/c I've never been promoted                                         
I thought you were my friend but, I was so wrong...
 having a badass stomachache...
Going to bed, nighty night.
  Hope you feel better soon.
Aaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh i hate him so much!!!
And yet if he rang me now i'd be on my feet in 5 
  I hope the prgnosis is good 
ok yesterday was the 9th anniversary of my 20month old nephew Isaiah passing....
 Nope.
I don't think there are any in Florida at all, actually.
 lolz well you are sorta, nightmares  and darker hair?
why no time?
 honeyy  help i need somebody help !!!!
ya yo ise eso pero no funciona 
 as my old comp duied on me 2 weeks ago ...
but not to fear i will find a way to post up music no matter what
had a little Mt.
Dew to get me through some Ghostbusters.
That's the prob when you get up early and work all day: gaming while tired  
got in another wreck...
but it wasn't my fault this time.
 everyone else chose hair  i wanna do makeup damnit!
lol
Night everyone!!
Tweet soon!!
Maths and RE test tomorrow  xxx
is disappointed that the Oscar Wilde Bookshop has closed down 
i wish i could watch SO YOU THINK YOU CAN DANCE....
 I was thinking abour how much i nedd Full Service!!!
 that's the same message I was getting earlier!
Just a tad infuriating 
 Will jailbreaking enable MMS on first-gen iPhones for sure?
I'm only hearing about this now.
2nd splendour lineup is so shit.
sad foals arent on it 
Shit!!
only 4 more days 
 I miss my cachetes   are we on next tues and wed?
It be bedtime.
Early start in the morning.
If I really try I might get 2 runs in and manage to transfer all my stuff.
I wish I had my car 
eyeblasterday heading back to the office  thank you for the great day ooo 
 I was thinking about how much i need Full Service!!!
Wish that channel 4 had a similar service to iplayer so I could watch on iPhone  I don't like not having my mac book with me
 I'm really pissed off 
Pizza D: This all backfires the workout I did today 
 now I'm sick because i won't even be around until after u leave 
As long as there are so many Iranian tweets to follow, I may need to leave my beloved Tweetie in order to keep things organized in groups 
 Very disappointing indeed 
  germany?
why was i told poland?
well my assistant is going to hit me at any minute and say no milkshake.
she would say a smoothie or protein shake.
that's when I cry 
i think what Obama did was wrong   Granting Some Benefits to Same Sex Couples
has swollen tonsils!!!!
not good!!!
NOTHING AT ALL 
This day blows 
 NOPE.....
I hate rainy days 
worried about my baby 
 I does not have it.
What  do I do now?
My iPhone has been iBricked for a week now.
is sad about the last day of work!
 You jammy thing  I want to go see Derren, hate being poor x)
Feeling fairly down right now.
Awwh hes gone 4 2 weeks 
 so im not banga(its cuz im black isnt it).....welllll i seee i aint wanna be banga ANYWAYYY!!!!!(def wishin i was @ banga) 
is trying to login to my iTunes store account - it's not working now because of all the 3.0 OS updating going on now.
 yea man 
...your patience is being appreciated...please hold the line...I hate insurances 
Just got off the phone w/ the foks iin accounting, this bad economy means layoffs are comming @ the Institute 
 palms come from the coast.
dales exist in the south only 
scanning and cleaning sketches -- some green tea helps -- Opera Unite services are stopping working quite often, too bad 
 some of the videos i can't watch it here  it's blocked
Outspark/meebo **We had that idea back at Nexon, too bad we had to close the studio down in Vancouver 
missing my Poss  Cant wait till Uni exams are over!!!
ALMSOT WEEKEND!!!
 so i have a feeling the bad news is that you can't go to the beach!
yo if you don't go, im going to be mad.
So figur ...
 OMG i hope he's ok 
 Always late i wont be asleep for another two hours yet!
 looks like it, boooo 
MASSIVE rave on July 4th.
Tickets are $35 though 
 thats what she said.
wtf jk.
hey so my dad wont lemme join green peace 
Sarah Dessen book was so good, but now I have to wait for her to write a new one 
Sigh.
Smoking my last cig.
 i miss having our elevator parties and then breaking the elevator 
Dang!
My put-down skills must seriously be weak.
How come  gets harassed by the crazy Glambert fans for her tweets and I don't?
Gig and venue excellent, having to leave early less so.
Stupid last train to canterbury meant doing a runner at 11 
im going to bed.
gota be up at half7.
stupid re exam x
my phone is screwed   no reception, no internet, my ringtones are gone, my contacts are gone.
ihateyou, telstra.
 man I was excited for a minute..
it's only a beta patch for existing users..
I don't own v3 
Finals tomorrow, and i don't know if i am happy about that cuz it means the end of Garde manger  Chef dan goulet is the best!!!
 Haha yeah!!
Unfortunately, I left my camera adaptor in Florida so I can't post pictures until I get back  I have a couple...
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE LET ME HEAR SOMETHING BACK ABOUT A JOB SOOOON   I'm tired of interviewing and waiting around !
Where is the warm and sun 
or maybe not 
What is Edward doing in New Moon!!!!
Ahhhhh!!!!
Stupid stupid idea!!!
Trying to read to distract me from exam results :S not working!
I've managed 2 send an mms since 3.0 but when I received 1 it was the normal link to /m  I hope this is sorted by the end of 2nyt
Youngstown to  Ravenna appointment in the rain, now Impala not starting.
Still raining &amp; I am stuck 
Ugh.
I have a belly ache.
is sad that school is almost over 
  i'm sorry you are so sick.
i super love you thought.
which obviously makes it all better.
Angels &amp; Demons is brilliant!
Tho not sure 3weeks after an operation 2hrs in a cinema seat was my most brilliant idea!
 Me, either.
The best way to ruin a song, is to attach a video to it.
Blah!
Readin my cosmo enjoyin the AC!
Nothing good on tv.
Damn stray kittens r driving me insane!
I feel bad for them  no more pets for us
 Alas, no more cookies until next January.
My hips are thankful though!
keeping up with the kardashians has ended here  wat will without ur antics!
i miss u guys!@KourtneyKardash  
Hair is de-curling 
 I had a windows phone once until I threw it out a window   When are you back to work..
Next week?
 Omg that rules!
I had a little beagle named Simba growing up.
He was fatally hit by a car when I was in year 12.
 How can you not be proud?
Oorah.
God, I miss my husband 
 Omg boo  I'm still in Mexico!!
MY phone is off!!
I'll be in bville tonike!
iphone update, not going well so far 
I wish my buddy hadn't made me think about what to pack for New York.
Now I'm bummed because I don't have anything I like.
Pitiful.
getting everything out of my car  I forgot how bad I fucked it up wowwww
hey guys!
apparently there's a ben jones fan site on facebook!
wow...that's cool!
i have no idea how to get you to it though.
havent updated to 3.0 yet cuz the authentication server has been down for a minute 
 I'm sorry darling it's unintentional I promise!
hope you're okay, miss you 
 thanks mate.
So innocent bless her she doesn't even know   Laters mate
 no i didn't and that makes me sad 
 could you design me a better background for my twitter home page.
I like the Uprising logo, but you can't see it.
Its raining  sadness wish one of my buddies were here to chill and watch a movie with...ha not!
Just sold my highchair...
wow thats so bittersweet, no more baby 
 I know...
 foreal I pray that jj no be sick anymore cuz I'm suppose to take him to Disneyland 
At wrk until 9pm.
I feel sick to my stomach.
Getting dinner and catching Up with the boyfriend.
Dinner should be great on this new diet.
Hope they serve celery.
Is it bad that i miss tweetdeck?
Didn't bring my laptop home so i don't have it until friday 
watching Nearly Famous last episode  i'm gonna cry!!!
i wanna go shopping!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 thanks.
they should have made it alittle thinner at least 
 I will lose 
 I'm so not impressed with the women's shoes a few things caught my eye the men shoes are sooo much better!
is studying for his exams 
It's really annoying me that I can't sleep because I don't even know why  I'ma fall asleep on Paige again tomorrow, I know it!
Cannot get to sleep and its so late right now 
 yeah 
really wants a hug 
 Oh, wow, Lew!
That's not good!
Better to catch it now rather than later, I suppose ...
There is a stick stuck under my car and it's dragging-sounds like I'm in a '78 Pinto!
Milk, ice, and peanut butter don't work together very well 
 No argument from me...I have helped you before!
If u ever find a moment spare a thought for me 
dunno what will happen later cos she has been sneezing for like 83537491 times.
 I am too old for pouches 
 3.0 is a bit sexy!
Apologies for the lack of party-age last night, phone died right after I replied to you the last time 
I need a massage!!!
 sooo wished i lived in dallas right now!!
why is houston 4 hrs away???!!!
Boo for rain.
I don't wanna be at work  I wanna be home.
Snugged up on lounge with doona watching &quot;The Breakfast Club&quot;
 Now, honestly, how can we trust Twitter is accurate?
I just saw it go up and then down by like 10 followers!
in 2 secs!
god i hope not 
I think I have a fever...
Boo!
- wanting me some cpk mexican tortilla soup!
watching BBC America.
I'm pretty bored.
missin' the good ol' days..
Guess no one wants to talk to me on AIM 
 i'm one of those effing people.
 ffff my iems broke again the other day 
 I need Jones right nooowwwwwwwwwww 
i want more twitter friens  maybe if i add miley cyrus i'll gain 1000000 new followers hahhahahahahaha
Got to actually play w/ a real live PalmPre at the local Sprint store.
Joined their waiting list.
Think I'm going to miss my Treo.
 Its okay.
It seems like I can nver write.
I'm still here, hanging with the cute kid.
:p
Going to make the best of my last day here.
Very sad to leave.
 If only I had PayPal 
Being the only manager sucks.
Im on lunch but cant leave the store 2 eat!
 but you never answered the question 
Tara is so confused, she misses her sister.
I want my cat back man 
 you &amp; i both  sooo boreddd
Missing Jake  Oh, how I wish I was at home!
more crappy tv shows for me!!
needs to get me some 40 winks though 
 Amazing phone but the battery life may be worse than the iphone 
DAMMIT!!!
Slept in this morning and missed The Ten Tenors on 612 breakfast 
 - Got one also!
Now we just need one for 500k  Keep trying guys!
@ work training new guy...tired as fucked.should of went easy on the rain vodka las nite 
Can someone help me find a new office or billing job 
I didn't get my morning phone call from my baby.
My day doesn't feel right 
On break by myself because someone decided to go without me earlier 
 i will come take one with you.
Haha you txt twitter before you let your own boyfriend know 
 not under settings&gt;general&gt;network I don't 
 Oh, I'm gonna update now.
Hope it's not as crappy as the last one 
I have such a sore throat.
Lost my voice.
 Radio Disney isn't playing anything here!
WTF??
I hate headaches.
Are we limited to 10 blocks a day?
That's all it has let me do.
bummer!
updated my website &amp; they &quot;lost&quot; my contact page!
now I have 2 redo it
 shut up!
no you not byue 
i don't even know what's going on, mayyyybe with taylor?
today sucked 
 the better question is how are you doing?
It's raining here so can't go outside 
I want to die .
:[ come rub my tummy please 
just got back from swimming...
movie's cancelled...
oh well i'll find somethin' to do...
maybe go to the park and play soccer...
idk lol!
sad that i cant find someone to go to the CKY concert with in Kelowna in a few days!
Need to go to Walmart.
iPhone 3.0 Rocks!!!
I love the search screen, but I'm still waiting for apple to release the &quot;iDisk&quot; App 
Didn't go out or to the cinema tonight,just to save money Heard the film was good &amp; ohhh all the amazing people at the Union tonight!
my fish died 
myself and those dont know  ..
I miss my better half 
 will do.
But now, to sleep...
Feel better, sick girl 
oh i dont know what to do...dating has now got more difficult dont normally go for nice guys and i think thats whats turning me off 
 Ugh!
Don't say that plz don't say that 
im so tired of cleaning and washing  but got to be clean right?
;)
I think I pulled a muscle in my lower back 
I need a massage  hard day 
 I miss programming 
I want michelle here now 
Almost got hit by a car.
THERES NOTHING ON TV 
 please follow me ..
i would be honored to have you follow me .
ive been trying to get miley and brandy to follow me too 
 i miss their mozzarella sticks 
Sweat pants, hair tied, chillen with no make up on..
Last practice for Chamber tonight 
dont really feel good anymore  [[his&lt;3]]
 Good, but not in Ireland.
Coin to bed people gotvschool tomorrow 
i can't touch my toes anymore   so i worked out for like 10 minutes.....so lazy
I lied, I feel so bad but I will not think about He  
 sowwie   haha thank revyyyy
 i wanted to watch britney 
you not talking to me today..
tells me your decision is no, and i just have to deal with it, again..
The thought of being up for work in five hours.
About to go to this basketball game...Go support the old hood!
ha ha they never front!
Fuck fake ass ppl dnt call me 
 a going on.
its not fair someone's hacking the system!
come one people..play fair.
is hungry but I have no food 
 I'm sorry 
seriously need cheering up 
last night in west van..bbq on the balcony..and copious amounts of Lindeman's...seriously don't wanna go back to Ontario!
 oh..
if it was near your mom's i'd of said we should go!..but its not..
I'll be going too...dammit it feels so lonely here without bro  and....
that bastard isn't here..
 the upgrade to 3.0 bricked my iphone too.
i couldn't even restore it - had to go to the apple store to get it fixed.
Wishing I could go out and dance 
 u disappoint me 
Going to have a clearout and stick a load of stuff on eBay.
Need tuition money  I discovered 2 more DVDs I bought and haven't watched :/
fucking long ass time.
Feel like im not good enough or just plain old used.
w/e, time to get over him i guess 
iTunes store is being hammered, so can't get push notification enabled apps  Also, am I the only person who seriously dislikes tweetdeck?
Eff!
I'm coming down with a cold.
 good but i have exams!!
wish me luck pleeeease???xxxx
 I tried to start a trend...
MontyMondays...
but it went nowhere 
Hunting 3 Currawongs that are in my garden..
unfortunately I am not allowed outside, just looking through the glass 
 I just got home but I have to go again in an hour 
 yes, it is...
it's cruel and difficult to see how men can destroy men...
~sad~
Off to a meeting...kinda scared 
 I wont be back in work before Notts.
But it was 3 a box!!!!
And the boxes where a third of the size of cinema SMALL popcorn.
  HUGS
I swear every single little thing is going wrong today...
just  ate,  the baked potato was yucky 
 we have nay been presented to the world via Jake and Amir yet  AMIR NEVER RESPONDED.
 Bet you're loving the up front $9 surcharge on parking tickets now..
so not hot.
I can t participate for the trip to atlanta to see jobros  because i`m from Argentina 
 nope.
iPod touch.
I am a total poser 
 YEAH, Gatorade is what gets me through life!
Haha.
but now(to me anyway) it's losing it's taste and it tastes really watery 
 Oh thats not good.
Any gigs you want to go to?
 I can't believe you didn't take me with you!
 I love that paramore necklace, I have it.
I want it as my house key 
Also I hate the flu.
Ok driving is just scary now 
...wondering if I will ever be able to quit thinking about work after hours 
Telling my cousin that my auncle, his dad, passed away is the hardest thing I've ever had to do 
Anderson Cooper, I love you but you seriously spam my twitter feed.
It might be time for us to break up...
 I know the feeling.
Our dog finally caught &amp; brought in the rabbit she's been chasing for weeks--too bad it was a baby 
 a) Sorry  b) Yeah, idek why.
After like 20 tweets I wanted to kill myself already.
It was painful.
 oh yeah i saw it..it wasnt that bad...Joe didnt sound like himself!
i wonder y!
 - so awesome..
marketing just isn't the same as it used to be 
 Soz for cutting through matey, pp op on jaw sounds heavy stuff 
My throat feels a bit itchy...I'm always scared of getting sick 
it would be sweet if i could start work anytime soonn....
no wikdwood this weekend  boo*
feel like i dropped of the face of the earth 
Holy crap the Tux place is jam packed.
I have to wait in a line after waiting in line  I want to get home so that I can watch my movie
watchin a scary movie....
...not fun at all...lol...mayby i should find somethin else to do....yup yup...
 I think he signed off.
Relaxing on the couch trying to get rid of my headache!
Trying to eat healthy but I really want to make sausage rice and mashed potatoes.
Going to be mostly away from Twitter for the next 5 or so days....
OMG Real Housewives of NJ was sooo awesome!
Super sad its over  Lets hope for a season 2.
 Awh Carrie  Hang in there.
You're going to be a much happier person in the long run.
so yeah haven't tweet 4 a long time  and exams r next week  so i won't be opening utube a lot !
I didn't know they re-did the mighty taco in Kenmore.
It looks good, I miss this town so much!
iPhone 3.0, I can't wait to go home and upgrade so I can read those MMS messages..
oh..
wait 
Stupid swine flu shit  Hmmmmff
man i wish i had full beard  darn this baby face...
I'm at work!!
I have a lot to do and don't want to do it 
 Yeah but I still gotta clean the kitchen 
florida is soooooo hot..i cant believe it..missin all my friends in ky..
 Oh, poor you having to take Fluclux - one of the most foulest of anitbiotics ever.
My sympathies to you Alan.
 ...
I'm going to bed without your goodnight..
I'm sooo sad..
and if i have nightmare????
It's been raining and storming here all day 
The Abominable Charles Christopher got me all choked up today 
Don't love the suit as much as the price.
It's going back  wish me luck finding another one.
I LOVE MILEY CYRUS.
SHE IS  SO AMAZING.
BUT IM JUST LIKE ALL HER OTEHR FANS.
I WILL NEVER GET THAT ONE CHANCE FOR TO SAY HI TO ME 
always forgets how much she loves Indie103 until she opens up iTunes on the work computer.
Miss having it in the car.
I want icecream now!!
..
 i think it depends.
sometimes they make it really sweet, sometimes they don't.
never know what you're going to get.
A moth drowned in my lemonade   I feel culpable.
My iTunes request could not be completed, no iPhone 3.0 for me 
 I tried to blog some time ago.
Didn't know what to blog about very soon.
dont feel good  waiting for alan to get off work.
 I am yet to find somewhere that sells canned black beans in Australia  would kidney beans suffice, do you think?
layin bed watchin family guy lol and am pure starvin 
 Fry's had a pretty lacklustre selection of netbooks, sadly.
Oh, he got into a car accident..
 no go EDC, seeking rusty razorblades and bathtub full of ice...
no $ no happy 
 Thanks for rubbing it in for all of us who didnt get Splendour tickets 
so i guess anyone with AT&amp;T will have to wait until late summer for MMS  with the 3.0 update
 You sure do!
should have put it in the tweet, I couldnt find it at all 
Back to work right now  really hate 10 hour days
At a fed goodbye party for one of my favorites 
is sad that George is leaving Grey's Anatomy 
in 13 days I will switch over to my new username of AlamarCavada.
I hope my followers follow me.
Alamay will be no more.
the pre really isn't good for podcasts unfortunately, i don't want to start at the beginning each time, and i want aac chapters  ?
;)
 NO NO NO NO NO 
i still want an iphone...
shit, now a 2nd close friend has been sexually assaulted on the paris metro....
stay away from empty carriages, even in day time 
is not feeling ok again   (Nephyr live &gt; 
 lol i miss them too  DC3 for life he-he
Tornado warning!
*hides* I'm actually more worried about the power going out.
It's dark, and I haz no flashlight.
i still have my hives, they might be with me all my life  waaa am i really autoimmune?
$40 doesn't go far for groceries.
i still want an iphone...
 umm..
Idk..
:/ Phuong doesn't have season 2 yet 
 you just called the plane ugly.
thats not nice 
 yeaa 
Google street views didn't use any of the views of me  maybe l chase them to long.
squarespace
 same thing here 
My stomach hurts...go away pain.
I just saw a 70-year-old version of myself.
He was riding the bus 
 i dont want to work either 
I don't like these &quot;get me x followers!&quot; campaigns because it treats people like numbers.
(via ) I agree.
 what?!?!?!
why do u hate ur life???
im sowwy!
with lexi, were friends again!
(: well wonder how long that will last..
i love her , wishing she wont move  only a dream
Can anyone tell me why people waste their time makin bogus accounts, gettin my hopes up that I have real followers?
One word &quot;block&quot; 
I went to work but they sent me home after two hours 
are all girls out to get me?
It appears that we have managed to lose 4 LEGO NXT kits somewhere between last summer and this one  lostandfound
coke zero was banned in Venezuela because it contains sodium cyclamate.
my DNA 
I can't hear shit!
My ears are Fucked up and everyone is being loud and i'm being quite!
I just wanna go home 
has a buyer for her longboard  sad sad.
is wishing more people where following him 
Even though I'm sick there is still housework to do...
going out to eat by myself...
its like that one time at DHall  ...
but old white men do it all the time here, so I'm straight, text me!
im actually sad that i have to stop reading breaking dawn and go to bed  xx
Sometimes, when you're spolit for choice, you realise it was the universe saying, you already had enough 
So much for the beach!
Darn that Laker Parade 
This is officially the only day since starting at the HRC that I didn't like my job...
And just saying that makes me want to cry 
Ahhhhhhhhhhh!
Its dead and not time to go  come buy a phone
just got computer back but i still need to take it back again 
Ugh, &quot;Matron of Honor&quot; makes me sound so...
matronly 
 still no luck 
..
okay.
here's my daily Jimojo rant: ARGH!!!
I can't even access the net long enough to find out how to get my money back!
crap, does this mean I'm going to have to update all of my apps?
Headache 
So I fell in love with the beach this wknd, not sure why since I'm a frequent visitor.I'm back at my apt now looking at at CLT skyline 
 it was while i was warming up my dinner though.
 haha study?
you're kidding.
i don't even study...
i didn't study for chemistry today, and i think i failed 
 I think it is illegal.
Basically smokers can claim that they cannot control the wind, but I can control my aim 
OMG I am SO hot I feel like im sitting in a sana or something......i dont feel good 
 my phone's totally crazy so i think ima have to wait till the morning to fix it  sorry i can't ring you to say g'night, i hope
backing up my iphone for the update is taking forever!!
great.
Work mates have pointed out that i have puffy eyes - bring on a glam femme night 
 ooc: Dang it, and I missed you today!
 Im coming to the fest!!!!
I can't wait!!!!
I really hope it doesn't rain...
 I don't think it will let me direct msg you back  text me!
I don't have your #
 never mond, i logged in with my infos from the bsb fc, but you have to pay to see the site, so i'm not a member 
Great..
I just did a number on my thumb with the piping hot straightener   Ouch!!
.
you losers didn't invite me??
cool, see ya in august 
OMG  These web updates are getting so dam repetitive and Im no where near finished long night ahead me thinks 
Trouble upgrading Wordpress...then figured out it was the browser (Chrome)  Browser musical chairs again...
has been trying to get update for over an hour now....
 u cheatin on me 
 no House Rules 
 .
lolz, damn thats not the real him..
so sad now.
 - come to Montana!
we feel neglected 
  oh!
what's the movie tonight?
we tried to go like two weeks ago but it got rained out  hope that doesn't happen to you!
I'm feeling like Reese Witherspoon in &quot;Rendition&quot;.
5 hours since Jamie landed and still no word from him...
&lt;commence worrying&gt;
Why won't u load twitterr berry friend timelines!!!!!
Wtf!
I want to move to Oregon SOOOO bad!!
Seriously!!
I'm getting sad now, I'm seriously SICK of California!
haha sorry Cali 
 
  hope you're ok.
i miss my home and my old friends 
Umm I got a sunburn damn u medicine 
i hope Heather and James are okay 
 well Mike...I didnt win my Atari 2600 on ebay..
Packing for the B-E-A-C-H!...and I hate cold sores!
I have 2 on each side of my mouth  OUCH AND YUCK
 ))))) you know my number.
don't slap me 
not feelin good ima go lay down 
 You should take a nap  *hugs*
So unbearably tired  Want to nap but am waiting on plans and stuff...
maybe I can tell people to call and wake me...
Im not gonna go.
Dont want to go alone, and no one could come late notice.
can't sleep..........
miss my bestie so much 
grr  I hm &quot;overcooked&quot; my chicken.....
(~_~)zZZZ g nite world
OUCH!!
...
ma knee wrecks  ..
cnt wait go home n see ma  ppls x luv u xxx
 i dunno how id get there, or get back home 
Argh I can't see anything 
 I already got the winner silly.
Sorry  
 i cnt see what ur laughing @  what did i say for u to laugh that hard..lls damn
Wishes she stayed in bed  today sucks already.
 oh man...you're a White Sox fan?
I don't think I can support you or TAI is anymore.
Sorry  I'll miss you
statistics is awesome...
NOT!
tomorrow it's allll over, it's crunch time!!
i havent seen my best friend in 3 weeks cuz of this i miss her 
electricity is out again.
 I'm SO jealous!
Our IMATS doesn't sound half as exciting as the ones that take place in the US 
 - at santee alley.
Talk about nostalgia lol.
We used to by this place out at 17 and 18 now I can barely buy a pair of shoes 
 I hope to be his friend, but I think that never going to be good friends with him 'cause everything ended badly 
Ouch.
I keep biting the inside of my cheek  To stop myself from doing it though I've blown them out and currently look like a fish.
We just caught up with MC Shlomo, but then he got away.Obviously he didn't remember us from the workshop 3 years ago.
we still luv him
  insomnia is a nightmare..
 doh...I don't think I followed the directions correctly 
nothing in the mail today...
 I just ate some Ritz...my bad, I'm trying to cut out snacks   They were the low-fat ones haha!
Just curious why someone was compelled to tie caution tape on my car while I was at work today 
aw, i think i'm too late to get a TMZ shirt from  
It's not fun at all to have a fever of 100.5 
wishes that it would just rain already.
My kitties are melting into fur puddles from the heat and I only have so many popcicles!
gotta go work out but is getting lazy 
estupido telcel no permite usar Internet tethering en el iPhone...
Honestly?!
I'm fucking bored out of my fucking mind 
Getting ready to hit the books!
went to bed at 4 am got up at 1:45    no church today.
headache.
pretty crappy day.
 right after the Empire blew up the forest moon of Endor  
Oh no...
how am I supposed to listen to it again...?
LMFAO i didn't think of it, now it's over 
 Lucky bastard.
I can't afford to go.
I cannot get the prospect of an ice cold negra modelo off my mind right now.
i need a break, i feel torn in all directions 
i just cracked my ankle 
 Derren is always worth the hard work!
!
i will be going to see him next year!
yeah I want more
I got caught In the hail with my groceries.
For the second time in 2 weeks.
 Like, that's not scary or anything.
Poor you.
Wait!
SYTYCD doesn't come on until 8pm?!
I thought it was 7pm.
Boo!
Now I have to wait a whole hour.
I was so excited 
  hahahah gutted for us
OMG!
Can you imagine all the fine ass guys that were at the Laker Parade?!?!?!
Sad I miss it 
So sore  Had a real workout today.
A little tired but work still has to be done.
Ily twitterbugs
 Too bad that Microsoft Mappoint doesn't cover Greek addresses...
Getting a tummy ache  I want to go to the park soon 
Just finished coding a site, tested it in firefox - fine, in IE7 it gives me a weird bug, its not floating the nav properly 
Just cried watching oprah 
Finally time to eat then relax.
Maybe even read     It's inevitable that someone'll screw it up for me 
its over the coldplay interview  x
Just curious why someone was compelled to tie caution tape on my car while I was at work today 
Almost done applying the graphics on the home page of Faith Mesh...
it is hard to get it right on all of the browsers 
fuuuck!
:@ 
i don't know if i should stay on my break anymore 
sorry shaelyn  but i have to go to the dentist and get my new retainer ewwy and kiara will be there for you and all the others
watching bones all night i guess 
 Good god man- you do look on fire!
Looking forward to meeting you tomorrow night!!!!!!
I will be the one with the boo-boo 
Was going to go for a workout walk with Gisele but her dad doesn't let.
Ughhh!
 oh so its not in england thn  i got my hopes up for nothing 
 i can't see the site, too   BSB
I want to see 311 on Friday 
I wanna go back to school 
 hah, that is abit bad actually.
nevermindd.
yeahh!
samee, cant wait for the new album!
Update fail, &quot;backing up iPhone&quot; process took about 4 years to complete at home and now work won't install itunes update 
 haha atleast your closer  looks like a good day today.
It's sunny(:
Why does there always have to be so much noise next door?
Banging, Crashing, Jack Hammering - it never stops 
wants to buy clothes online...but is too scared they dont fit  I need retail therapy!
is watching family guyyyy and hoping all her problems go away  love stinks 
 mms will b included late summer 
btw: ffe buddies- please make sure you're letting everyone know about june 27th pizza party!
my computer ist kaput.
there's garbo,...
Really wants to get her tattoo done..
but has no idea where to go?
Needs a decent tattooist please!!
hehe
HARD DAY @ WORK TODAY...
and then I get on here to find a SPAM posting nicee?
Lenders stress me out  FOOEY!
Shoe buying   
finally reachedCamden, NJ.....
hate the turnpike 
Im sooo bored  i've been striped of my computer prevliges 
 you're KILLING ME!
I want to go to MA soooo bad.
no training tonight   ..Had a good run + stairs and going to settle in w/ some food and some wine.
YUM.
so the iphone 3.0 upgrade did mess up my contacts  added peeps from my gmail address book, which i don't use for phone contacts.
oh noooooez..
I will be internet-less for dayssss..
maybe weeks..
NOOOOO!!
I'm gonna miss tweeting and blogging..
( A LOT.
 lets change ours so we fit in still  
At daddys shop...
Bored 
 I has a sad.
Who else was doing it?
?
You still in?
Otherwise I'll do mine next week.
RWA09tat
Preparing my final project 4 chemestry!!!
so sad I don't want to leave the school!!!
I'm starting to love chemestry!!
Thx Teacher Kike!!
  D: neither SoS &gt; Fiesta.
 SAAADDD!
This is our fucking Bala JAM gurl!
just attended national instruments seminar.
nothing much being discussed.
just bunch sales presentations.
very disappointing 
I watched the pregame on FSN FL, then it turned to 7:00 and went to a black screen.
BOO!
I want Rich &amp; Tommy back.
 awww those are my old glasses...
the first are my new ones 
oh crap, serious storm in Pittsburgh 
I like this one better, but it's toooooooo high for me, I don't want break my feet  what do u all think?
 this is so sad...
They also take the fins and throw the rest of the shark back into the water alive.
Cruel and wasteful!
Went shopping for a purse, got back with two shoes, a pair of pants and no purse.
Nice 
Booo, I have to go to bed now  I hate these fucking curfews, I feel like I'm 12, not 21.
FFS.
Night all xx
: That one's on my wishlist too!...
though I'm 29 
 the climb eu acho a musica mais chata da miley cyrus 
 Nooo  nobody wants me lol
this is one of those times i wish i knew how to write a song or something expressive like that.
 Hmmm...ponder My hair looks nothing like that now - I'm back to the Jodi Birthday Special  (does it matter?)
I hate it when I see an article of clothing and think 'I would wear that!' only to find out it's made for women 
 sweet..i'm in.
one thing tho..gotta be based in LA ?
I'm a continent away in ireland 
 i still questioning myself the sam, it'd end up all my problems 
is scared for the math test.
So I'm pretty much feeling like getting a Bachelor's was the worst idea EVER.
Should have gotten experience instead 
 Yeah I know 
Posting from 3.o!
I miss my jb fone.
Right now,  am in the inbetween time.
Waiting for a call that was supposed to come between one and five(50 mins from now) from repairman 
i sooo need a laugh 
 it's jalbroken just not released yet 
  i cant i have to take babysit for  andrea :/ i wish i could but i cant 
 Aw my god ye poor wee thing  is it sore?wb x0x 
Just now leaving work, starving and zero dinner foods at home.
I'm starting to think that  likes keeping me on my toes.
Doc says &quot;no progress&quot; this week...
is feeling really great.
My poochie still got me smiling but still missing him.
but I so  him &amp; SUMMER 2K9 [SUMMER LOVE]
 never got a 5*  it's a 4* so i think i am guaranteed first 20 rows or something
 I can't go right now  But I'll go tonight!
Bills suck...where does all my money go??
 It is getting desperate now I must admit 
For some reason my followers page is &quot;broken&quot;.
Like I press follow and it follows but if I exit out of the page and go back it unfollows 
The god damn cats threw up not once but twice on my bed i just put clean sheets and a clean blanket on last night 
i am such a bad little rebel 
Rhino is dead  hope it's not like this next week !
 Yeah, I can't update my Apps because the TOS doesn't load up.
 thats a libra thing?
Lol thought i was violent.
I miss my girl 
...I want to be alone.
Toomany people here 
Wiltssy isnt interested in me nemore 
Reallllllly wants to participate in Lamar's summer dance camp.
Why do I have to be in school?
i am NOT enjoying tihs rain 
 lol bol okkk get the burger  lol I'm flaking tonight feeling like you yesterDAY just upset with life kinda
I still wanted to talk with him earlier on the phone, but I can't stand it any longer.
I'm really really REALLY sleepy  Gnight, tweets!
x
 and im not invited  lol hope u have fun mama
trying to figure out why a transfer of a set of video files didn't go as advertised - seams it didn't de-crunch properly  Try again!
Oh , I'll miss you tonight.
 I noticed a few twitpics were blank now.
That was one of them.
oh no the ugly cat just showed up and went to where the door used to be D: i hope he leaves before i go water the plants 
 oh - I dont think I saw that one!
I dont usually do horrors, but the Hangiver was sold out 
All the diplomats from the G-20 conference are staying at Nemacolin!
Too bad I'll be back at school by then!
: highlight of my day- jalepeno potato chips.
So as u can see, a dull dull day, lmao 
  that sucks.
Yeah, that might be tough
 no such luck where we stay in Wales....
No wifi 
i need a hot chocolate.
 haha!(: i want some fried pickles  i aint had any in so longg.
 TRAVESTY!
it's no longer the downs!
I want out of my car!!
 thanks, were already heading home.
ugh!
so grouchy today.
sick n tired of being sick n tired.
Of course I'm using the house as a playground, it's pouring rain outside.Sheesh.
Also 2 white sores in my mouth, don't know what they are 
Another angry protest down Congress making me have to stay late at work 
Finally got to read more of my book, but now I'm sad cuz there's only one more book in the series.
 I'm giving him the benefit of the doubt he didnt see the 6 of us, but Justin did, Rob heard his name called, and Q saw us 
 so food they're remaking it 
I feel like shit.
Still sick 
Well my iPhone is still alive!
So that's good...but 3.0 is annoying me already 
i hope that ungratefull little basturd is dead he ran away 
prob.
going to spain over the summer by myself.
kinda scared for the plane ride.
WTF @ selenagomez AHHH i didn't know you were gonna be on the early show today  OHman   ILove you anyway , &amp; u bettah than all these Hoes
 likes boys 
 wowow.
better than mine..
kinda?
roarrr, FMLLLLLLLLL!
karman = bio fail.
no, make that science epic fail.
 But i wanted pool sex 
focus, focus!!
i cant....
Sad because de Iphone 3G don't include the video camara option when you update!
Only the Iphone 3GS 
 YES!!!
very 
 yesssss!
i saw them on projekt revolution last year, i was like OMG THE BRAVERY and no one else really seemed to care 
 Would love to be able to nominate my Dad but he's in Philly  and thus a bit too far for a delivery.
Thanks though!
volume too loud for music...
too quiet for baseball 
Too much web 2.0 crashes firefox in ubuntu 
It seems only appropriate that I have discovered some hearing loss in my left ear.
I drove over a hedgehog today  I mean, it was already dead, but I still felt guilty
I swear im actually Pretty Good at making Lyrics for rap songs i make up.
too bad i cant sing for crap 
Seems as tho yesterday's Twitter maintenance caused a disruption to TweetLater replies.
What a drag, I have a FB link to share...
 Try having the spanish stomach, that isn't pretty too 
Back from Belfast, and all inked up!
Back to work tomorrow 
 oh ouch my bad  its twitter!!!
Ppl say reckless stupid stuff all the time (wanted to renig whn I saw u were a law school grad)
I went to a waterpark yesterday and I woke up this morning with sunburnt.Except the places that my bathing suit was.
 I wish you were able to download.
 Oh no   I mean - - yay about the living part, but surgery?
 I can't get it  It cannot process my request, I think the server is dealing with too much, dammit Apple!
 in 97 when they released Clumsy - one of my favourite albums back then.
So good.
Now they're kind of pop...
so unoriginal.
Just enjoyed the Lifehouse video, &quot;Everything&quot;...the man who &quot;plays&quot; Jesus looks like my son, Jeff.
Jeff died 13 years ago.
I miss him.
 haha i'll probably end up getting it..its gonna be a pain getting used to a screen keyboard though  at least its sideways now
 all the things you hate I love 
 I tried to find a TDI Golf in the US but they stopped in '06.
Rainy day ahead 
Leaving the lake....
Sad because de iphone 3G don't include the video camara option when you update!
Only the Iphone 3GS 
 im going to miss him 
  thank you!!
enjoyed your tweets from  140conf!
(its like we were there - not!) 
Public restrooms disturb me 
my poor tongue  i bit it sooo hard
There are several leaks in my apartment, and the one area is nearly flooded.
Awesome!
Probably has to do with the current flash flood.
 i wish i had a pork chop!
ps: sad i'm missing ohbijou at soundscapes because of mcat studying  i hope the nerd karma will reward me somehow
 I can't believe you bailed out on me Saturday.
I thought we were friends.
 well delicious things aren't meant to last forever unfortunately 
I have to go...
already  But it was nice rejoining twitterville, even if it was only for a short while.
Laters, tweeps!
 let's hope so!
Sparkle has already named him Padasloth  all well with you?
 You no go to 10th grade next year?
 where u goin and when u comin back foo?
hungry again 
lolol wish u was here,,,ive really blew my diet 
 he might, that would be cool, when u go to the Today show on Friday could u take pics and send them to me  sad i can't go!
time couldn't go any slower.....
Feeling really jaded cause no-one ever watches my live shows  lol nevermind my vlogs are way better anyway.
Did i mention that i've failed my own challenge 
nettle sting...ouch 
 AND he got Julie from Growing Pains kicked off the show because she appeared in playboy.
I loved Julie 
Nooooooo Time of Your Life (Good Riddance) by Greeday just came on.
Hofstraaaaaa 
a hobo by my neighborhood started yelling at me because he claimed i was in his &quot;living area&quot; i had to leave because he threatend me   
I am sad  doesn't support .
is sad Im not seeing SBR this wknd 
waiting for hubby 2 get home.
He's stuck in traffic 
hmm, has gone bust?
Dying in the heat at a baseball game it is 98 degrees and I'm soooo hot 
 I live in the Opposite Marriage State.
marriagefail
Ugh, I want to rent a movie on iTunes - but all the iPhone upgraders are killing it 
argh..!
i've been sleepy all day.
i just wanna cozy up and snuzzle with my hanni   hmf
 what happened?
Do I have another?
Hmmm 
 yeah its called alexan lenox..
in buckhead.
although im not too sure about things now bc my mom is giving me crap again.
 you should be coming to montreal warrped!
but you're not sadly
almost forgot Cricket was gone today....was gonna save our watermelon rinds to give her!
Tis sad 2 go up there &amp; have no pony 2 greet me
I hope Microsoft have fixed xboxlive marketplace this morning last night I was having 0 luck with it ..
I want to play samandmax 
I just stubbed my toe, then I reached out to steady myself and knocked a glass of water over, tried to catch it and slipped in the water.
My Enter Shikari CD STILL hasn't arrived, and I'm catching the train in 2 days, no Shikari music on the train for me 
 im scared u see the emegency warning on the tv make sure u duck and cover ya head the tornado is comming....
i love u cuzzo 
wonders if Just Shoot Me will ever be available on DVD over here?
i miss it 
I touched four different projects today.
I have a headache.
KIDS ARE GETTING OUT OF SCHOOL 2MORROW    WHAT WILL I DO KNOW...SURELY THEY WILL DRIVE ME CR8ZY!!
 awh.
you're fathers day vid made me cry too.
my dad died when i was three, so yeah.
i feel you.
&lt;3
1 of the stray cats that we take care of has a stick stuck up a nostril &amp; won't let us come near to get it out.
She can't eat with it in 
 A brick is an electronic device, usually a phone, that is dead after an upgrade 
i really feel so fucking low atm.
im gunna go to bed, i just want to hide away from tommorrow.
performing a delicate operation on mummy's phone, she said she'll kill me if anything goes wrong 
i can't believe im missing father's day 
 Thanks, Sam  ;)
I want to get my belly button pierced, but it will hurt like a SOB!
 you guys suck  hahahaha.
 cheeky cheeky and the nosebleeds was a way better name 
 At least you get to, my seat got given away 
Holy Crap..
I'm tired..
I wanna go to bed..
UGH
 : i miss u bitch, why u actin like you cant stop by JANKEE stadium to holla at the kid 
I haven't heard from Jon Bauer.
Did he forget?
:-/ Or just blow me off?
bed time i think.......work tomorrow  nanight x
having the flu sucks!
 wanna be in my colab sry if im annoying im bored 
 yeah all the time lol or hit or slap them like there's no tomorrow.
I like get the guy who run down dixie pitbull dog 50+ 
  I think I'm gonna wait a bit before I jailbreak 3.0.
But I already miss being able to hide apps.
I wish it wasn't raining out 
 LOL...thank Trey Songz for that!!!
But, I wish somebody would 
Video: bethanyjo: Good Times!
wish nathaniel could of jammed with us 
 I wanna heaaarrr  
 sorry you're bored, hun.
Me tried.
You should answer your phone.
LOL!
Miss u!!
Miss me?
Lol this is my 3rd tweet in a row.....i had aot of twitter moments &amp; thoughts b4 but now i dont rem them 
 No, didn't have a way to record it.
No DVR.
They're probably gonna show highlights of the parade or just watch it online.
 Hugs, sorry you're hurting so much today 
 do a new youtube viddd  !
Just as I start getting used to Facebook, here I am, attempting to learn this new media 
 It was scary!
Omg, the plane was shaking and everything!
I seriously though we were gonna crash 
Not liking the fact that the seatbelt soign just came back on 
I love mid-week drinking...
I'm just a bit upset that I won't be able to do it to such so much when I start working monday 2 friday 
Bun does also not like to be brushed   (tuckert5 live &gt; 
my feet hurt 
The new evernote for iPhone OS 3 looks promising but 5 crashes in 2 minutes is unacceptable...
Unusable app at the moment 
Ugh still working.
i still got hella work to do for class  and leo is coming over so i still have to pick up the house Fml MJ
 I feel your pain!
They directed me to the store account page that just shows I paid  hope it arrives soon
 wish you could have shared drinks with me tonight hon.
Long Island iced Teas  
 yeah...i didn't think of it that way.
Back from York, good trip, feel good about the new task.
Looking forward to Holland Friday, not played much poker 
Dont you hate when your boyfriend is gone for two weeks?
 chaui 
 puhpuhplease!!!!!
i though you loved me?
all i want is my orange hhr.
oooohhh looks like rain, no walk for me...
going to the stores for my mama with my bebe, im annoyed that other peoples errands have to interfer w my plans 
Bought true blood season one today but her mama would rather watch the Washburn talent show on BEC.
 Hahahahaha!
Maybe.
Not.
LOL Not gonna make it, got a crap ton o' work to do 
My ipod looks like a freaking lava lamp.
I'm heartbroken 
Just dropped my phone in the toilet..
I love 3.0 but my shazam isn't working and all my prev.
saved tags are gone 
Is dreading the graphics and textiles exams tomorrow, one after the other from half 1 until half 5!
Now that sucks!
lol x
and now itunes store is down 
 (fat fingering last response) you're an animal - i love it!
can't make both ...packed AM tmrw, no longer 20yro 
Bed bed bed i hate this.
I want out of this bed and out of this house  i can walk again
 It always took a while 
 oh no i dont think i am.
im still sick too.
 silly Rockies, not beating their win streak record 
que puedo hacer, chicas???
lean lo de abajo, someone have my twitter password!
yo I jus thought about it I haven't talked to my mom in almost a month 
 No your not The only one !!!!
Kinda disappointed at Two Door Cinema Club's new remix...
vegan has to avoid greens 
haha i just found out Red Bull has cocaine in it &amp; the FDA is trying to pull it off the market...is that true?!
i love Red Bull 
Ok I'm not going to the Sounders game tonight  Parents get here at noon tomorrow, gotta clean.
I feel like a bad fan.
why is so hard to be me?
I can't stand anymore.Miley,I don't know how you did it.
I don't know what to do now...
HELP!!!!
can't find my most favorite head band, this is like death to me, gahhhh!
im not on here enough to have cool updates 
 youre lucky!
i want a cupcake too 
still no birthday calendar sync on OS 3.0 
 coming up to Bloem on the 17th for the Spain vs Iraq game should get together for a beer after.
I'm in CT 
 i live not in los angeles 
Much emailing etc to do tomorrow.
Getting through it all slowly but surely!
Have decided I don't like Moodle much from what I've seen 
 I know  I am dead even right now.
I don't want to leave my best friends at Hofstra  it really stinks
 I've been grinding at work and on the golf course man.
I've been so busy that I have been slack in my zanefan duties.
wants to go back to Texas.
They don't have hot and spicy chicken sandwiches or styrofoam cups at McDonalds here!
 Me too.
 Now your not!
is sad because several shows close this weekend.
It will be impossible to see all of them.
 welcome to Canada!
Have fun in Toronto, wish i could be there, but im in the middle of exams!
...
have a good premiere
 Of course it breaks after we drop $$ on K's plane ticket to Hawaii.
Go figure.
  I'm gonna come out there for that or some shit.
have to.
firetruck and paramedic outside.
no stickers.
shucks.
*happy half birthday to me*
 oh jeeze look at the trouble you got me into.
it's the same old song, but with a different meaning since you've been gone ...
 what are they remaking now 
Well looks like I am not going out as planned  damn that sucks......Oh well sometimes there are more important things to life....
still at the hospital with my grandma  Sigh...
 didnt pack it 
so today was the last day of school.
it didn't feel like it.
felt like any other day.
i'm kinda sad...
oh, btw.
YOU JUST LOST THE GAME!(:
 Same thing here 
 when are you heading to?
I wIsh i could have seen your concert in madrid but my parents didn't ket me go 
  jk
 HAHA its a nice idea, we could be like Bonnie and Clyde couldn't we?
Except for the death part.
That one is not very attractive 
watched Zoolander and now Ive got &quot;Relax!&quot; stuck in my head  was it even a real song??
 My bangs are way too long now, I need to get them cut!
I want oreossss 
 why no warped?!
i haven't seen you guys since bamboozle!
&amp; for every date thats around me i already have tickets to another show 
Or it just gets taken away by someone without them even knowing.
Hate it when that happens 
 the update works fine tho the server may not authenticate, loads of it doesnt work tho like video and voice commands on 2g 
i hate chemistry     last chem exam EVER tomorrow, then math on friday..
and thankfully grade eleven is then over!
 but that dont mean you can call me matilda 
 It is quicker,but it F$ck3d up my exchange mail.Had to factory reset to get it working.Grumpy users will call me tomorrow 
Sadly all the fun is over cuz now it's homework time 
Sitting in dunkin doughnuts bymyself because my sister and her boyfriend are doing God knows what in the car  gay day
Not a good idea to listen to Marina's song at this moment.
 thats just mean 
lookin out the window at the rain, wanting to go home, 
 Well they were right there :O I just couldn't stop myself 
 - And I was less than a mile away drinking by myself  I'm soooo lonely lol
I suck at playing guitar.
My finger hurt, and it sounds like someone's killing a cat whenever I try to play.
worried about my fiancee  he might go to the hospital 
Twitpic isn't working and I'm getting mad  got my adam jones bobblehead!
Okay so it's quarter past midnight on a school night and I'm still awake!
Gotta be up in like 6 hours 
 oh I decided to ignore my calendar application and planned a getaway this weekend and just realized I was missing Sunday 
broke my glasses n't see for crap
I need to stop friving while tweeting!
Ima catch a DWT ticket 
 Can't seem to find an online version.
The Green Edition of BIV seems to be hard copy only  BIV
Tired from volleyball  nice nap sounds good but instead i'm going swimming Haha 
shampoo in your eye feels even worse when of the 'plus conditioner' variety.
owwee.
Sitting at the Dentist's, the whole right side of my face is getting numb.
Had forgotten how much this sucks!
Drill job to follow.
 I need the pattern for the Whisper Cardigan!
I can't find my issue anywhere ...
I think I lent it to someone.
sittin at the hair salon,watching some lady get her feet done 
hates it when she misses 2 74s in a row, while walking to the bus stop, which happens WAY too often 
*sigh* can't connect to the iTunes store.
ohhh FML stuck at workk again...
 GREMISTA?
oh no!
I guess apple is being hit to hell cause I cant get my iphone 3.0 download 
im annoyd they hav blocked fmylife on the school computers 
I hungryyyy, so hungryyyyyy  ...I dined with an ice cream
grapes gone to waste 
Watching the phillies.
They are already losing.
twitterific is down again.
I suck at playing guitar.
My fingers hurt, and it sounds like someone's killing a cat whenever I try to play.
the heat and humidity this week in miami has been unbearable!
And this is only the begining of summer.
 Exactly.
PS: I miss Lawrence 
 the now obviously hates us  that's ok, i love it the way it is &lt;3
trying to find something mildy amusing on tv to take my mind off the fact that I didn't go out 
ugh!
i have a quick speech to give tonight.
i hate public speaking.
i hate speaking in general.
u know how awkward it is to talk to me...
Loaded makes me 
is now ready to work 
My throat hurts a little bit  oh no
And theeeeeeres the turbulence 
my feet hurt!
wow these kids got tooooooooo much energy this is going to be a long summer 
from time to time its gotton a bit nasty  with the curse of my name blahhh
 yeah...it sucks.
I waited n was stressing for this shit???
Still the fuckin Same if you ask me..
&amp;&amp; NO MMS 
 I was wondering what happened to ceiling cat 
 boooo nvm!
you're taking too long 
posted comment re  interview w  (VIBE Media Group) abt .
Surprised by tone it took.
 Three kids sound like FUN!
:\ Good luck with that!
You can take them swimming, or stuff.
I don't know 
needs a drink...
of MonaVie Pulse!
My blood pressure is through the roof right now.
Need to go 2 me bed soon up at 6.30 inthe mornin  frickin rage hi  x0x
 yeahhhh.....
why should you...
 I need the pattern for the Whisper Cardigan!
I can't find my issue anywhere ...
I think I lent it to someone.
I'm wondering if anyone is ever going to follow me.....
 stupid FIT text books 
Feeling blah Divas have not been 2 H20 class all week    Between, the prince &amp; princess the king &amp; my royal court no time left for me!
 just imagine working full time on st.
kilda road 
i hope a big earthquake hits today so i don't have to be at school no mores.
I hate math, I hate math, I hate math 
Vinedo que con este, son apenas 70 updates 
That sucks...
power went out and battery back up did not kick in  ...
how's the costco battery backup?
 He was in quite a bit of it.
But his character was sucktacular.
The ending was a big dissapointment too 
soooo hungry.
I even mapped the route to Tasty Tacos to see how long it would take me to get there....18 minutes one way.
long long day at work   tomorrow off!!
  Thanks for the sympathy.
We should be ok now.
All data was backed up but all emails lost forever 
thinking that the iTunes update may be an overnight job...
I hate being without my phone for this long!!
 it really is..but i just ate and now im laying down so i cant move 
 I'm glad the pills kicked in!
Don't want u blowin the whole city away.
Where would we live?
just took a four hour nap ...
once again will not be sleeping tonight 
 Oh and its half a shot of vodka....
Yey first CONTEST i am entered, sorry it took three of these things  Xxx
is either booking a flight....or driving 
 stuck in the office
 Not much  We have fish if that's ok &amp; an awesome grill cheese w/pepperjack &amp; cheddar on berry fritter bread...special order ;)
My Ball Hockey career might officially be over  unless i take a bat to dustins knee....hmmm
--WHERE'S HOOL??
 I think we got the same twitter virus!!
=( I need help getting rid of it!
It sucks!!!
She is gone.
on the bright side of things only 557 more hours and she will be back.
i think vacation can't come soon enough.
I'll even settle for tomorrow that is if I didn't have to work 
just bid farewell to the guys off on cali tour 
 What is a optimologist?
and my Firefox spell checker don't know that word.
Talk about Random Hate...
tho I've recovered from last night I still feel sick.
Think I caught my daughters cold.
Being sick sucks, also means I can't sing today 
headache  eating din then going to shays
 otherwise I will look into it..I just don't really have any health related books.
Twitteriffic stopped working for me once I left LA...a whole weeks worth of missed tweets 
Oh my God where ever I go.
Traffic traffic traffic.
I'm on a boat in Toronto Harbour...and it's raining 
Happy Birthday Grandad!
Miss and love you always xxx 
   im sorry your sad 
 PLEASE TRY TO GET ME A BOBBLEHEAD.
PLEEEEEAAASSSSEEEE.
im stuck at work 
 don't you wanna know what i'm doing at every second of the day?
haha
Just got back home from school.
Spent 3 and a half hours longer, to finish a Media Arts project....
It's still not done 
 Yessss, and nessa only got onee too, sorry 
had a good day, uni  open day was nice, beach this evening was also fun, sand everywhere  nooo
 he revision.
HARDLY  im so bored.
I WANT TO BE AMERICAN.
i need 2 stop stalking them all and revise haha &lt;3
 It's got my vote over tweetie..
For now anyway..
But it doesn't have a twitlonger I don't think..
Well I can't find it..
 i have to be in san jose tonight 
 that's so sad.
I'm going to miss her.
{blc+grt&lt;3}
six flags awesome...
Sitin in hotel tired and burnt crispy  ouch
Im so upset with my memory card , I NEED IT BACK 
Right Ive got to use XP now.
Its like living in a lovely Cumbrian village and having to move to Norris Green 
Ahh i now feel sick 
 T.R.
Knight.
yep,they kill George.
very disappointed 
I would love to use 1Password Pro 2.1, but the iTunes Store won't let me have it.
beach was amazing today.
im still not tan though.
FUCK.
but it was a lot of fun.
im gonna miss you B 
finally talked to ....
well text talked lol to my ex's step dad my son is walking now!
..
i wish i couldve seen his first step!!!
 Eugh.
That's annoying.
21 minutes has turned into like 40....
Fingers crossed mine doesn't crash!
only one more week in a2 
Ok I admit it I'm horrible at basketball.
But I am good at sorting curry boxes!!!!
dont feel good, laying down.
iTunes still down...
  It'd be pretty sick if they did, but the movie will feel wierd without chris  Maybe if they did a prequel??!
 Edie Bauer is going under?
I was hoping to fly on the new Boeing 787 Edie Bauer edition 
 for some reason it didn't sent my whole comment to that picture  x
he snores so loud...
and my belly is so full from chili and a chocolate milkshake!
 My condolences.
I would have a nervous breakdown in my cat died.
I'm SO sorry!
 - i miss this beauty, hawaii 08  I need a vacation..
its made me want to yell im a girl not the grimfreakinreaper 
  it's everyone..
 Sad I am going to NY as well.
Hope you enjoy the album!
If you like it enough, she has a 2nd one that just came out recently.
wants to go on a hunt in her kitchen for chocolate, but knows she'll end up being disappointed!!
real sick 
 MEMEMEMEMEME!
Except, y'know, I can't...
Damnit!
It's hailing again.
nobody wants ice cream on a crappy day like today.
so whyyy am i still working!?
lol
I love Kelly Clarkson but I don't think she should do the soundtrack for New Moon movie!
I'm going to miss Paramore 
Feeling burned out.
And it's only Wednesday.
 WHY IS UR REALITY SHOW IN SO-CAL?
THAT'S A BUMMER!!!
IM SO HUNGRY!!!
i havent ate since 8 am  
 how about you guys do a surpirse thing in san antonio?
We're tooo jonas deprived  i love you guys!
Sittin on the interstate waiting for the WI trooper to finish running my plate.
Wonder if I'll get a speeding ticket?
Stay tuned.
I found a tear in one of my seatcovers.
This is the Mets' 63rd game of the season...
That means, including this game, there are 100 left in the season.
Tired of being poor 
 lol!
I saw her online!
I must continue my zuma training though.
I've hit a wall 
twitter fox no me va 
 I wish  was going too 
 neither does shem 
 Yeah, just random body parts.
Like the tip of a wing, a rat tail, a crawdad head, mice heads....it was bad.
 Well, nuts.
I don't know why that would be.
 how are u?
you didn't kiss me yesterday night  
Omg this little girl on TLC right now makes me sad 
 woow.
bummmerr 
itunes australia keeps timing out when trying to update to version 3.0 
at the airport.
going home again.
this time 4 a wedding.
unfortunately, cld not find ipod 
Is there really nothing to do 
in a bad mood  taking duke for a walk..
  I have a lot of people basically spamming me with &quot;get X amount of followers a day....&quot;  I wanted to get rid of them.
 It's crazy busy so far...seems I won't have much free time  It's basically a hospital room w/ a dresser &amp; desk!
But it's free!
 I live in Cali.
 wellll gooooooooooood for yoooooooooooouuuu!
I had to plug my iphone into another computer to get it to work!
 if I do nothing all day, I'll get given things to do by other people.
  well I hope there's no deleting!
 probably!
we all have tornado warnings  there's a tornado in the southside right now
Facebook Bejeweled is *still* down   what am i suppose to do while i download IPhone 3.0 software???
 am semi-tempted to see if this will set off the web filter at work, but probably not best idea given latest unemployment stats 
 misss yewww 
 but I don't have so much money 
 I am mega-bummed I missed you 
I'm starving and don't know what to eat  Hating myself for passing up the pizza sample at Trader Joe's now.
 ik but there's nothing to do 
Have to be up ridiculously early tomorrow morning, but annoyingly too nervous about it to get to sleep.
I want a new phone  , any suggestions
 you can hope.
IF Obama hadn't been elected though, a LOT of other countries would have been disappointed too 
I had to resort to an ultimate sin...
hot topic...
yuck...
But i hope it will be ok...
Does anybody have a paper on STD's?
i have an 8pg paper due 2morrow and i don't feel like doing it!!
I'm with my daughter at the library.
Today would have been my dad's 60 bday!
this month has been sucky.
I'm so terribly sad.
i feel like someone took a hammer to my head.
Ahhh 
lucky i'm to poor to go to any concerts 
Comfort food for dinner.
It did not, however, comfort me to the point of being able to breathe again 
 I asked u last week brat!
U should have added me then!
Hit me after work please...
Ahhh, revision tomorrow - I have an exam on Friday.
Anyway, I'll make the best of my half an hour before I go to bed.
 I see what you mean about broken firefox  its just bounces once everytime I click it..
also maclab is too quiet!
I cant wait to see everyone at soma on friday!
All my friends are gonna be there.
I feel lonely...
cant wait to see you there friends!
Hey Station lodge has a new website!
Check it out, It is a very cold day in ohakune and no views of Mt Ruapehu 
 TAYLENA DAY OVER???
IM CRYING......
dnt wrry sel, ur a wonderful girl.
i know youl find the right guy...its a matter of time
I have no friends 
 ...
still sick   needing lve
 Still mad at you cause you aren't coming out for EDC.
j00 sux.
is sad that the Apple servers are down, and I can't has OS 3 
 Ok, you win on that point.
 When are you coming up to Auckland?
I might be away the week leading up to the gathering 
my brother dropped my soda in me 
 i was quite put out that the now did not want to cooperate  but its still amazing
is sad that the Apple servers are down, and I can't has OS 3 
 it is pretty crazy!
It has taken me a lot longer than a few months to get my 802 followers 
15 more minutes!
I am getting so restless and twittering more than 5 posts in 2 hours!!!
I pretty much have no life.
Yup this is my gym 
 When will you go to school lala?don't worry, today I feel bad too 
I still want this!: and this!: so they can be awesome and point at each other on my desk!
URGENT!!
just saw a picture of dallas green...
he has a shiny ring on his taken finger....
my heart is broken.
at my cousins house picking up my sister  ugh im so bored
At the qantas club in NZ...waiting for my flight home  can't believe this trip has come to an end!
 LOL...so should I just delete u from my BBM???
lol...
Once again The Cubs disappoint 
itunes australia keeps timing out when trying to update to OS 3.0 
Damn we in the middle of June and its still gonna be raining the rest of the week and its cold man....WTF!
Finally, my LoveHate video is (allegedly) uploading.
I don't know how long it'll take, YouTube is being a bitca.
Sorry, everyone 
gah....
I hate it when a sneeze sneaks up on you and you sneeze into your hands.
  i saw your seat
All my nails are getting pampered...
 hey i want some cupcakes 
 Boo  We go the 26th
It was really fun NOT being at wild rivers!
 I get those, too, and fell for the first couple 'cause I didn't know what was going on.
Thought some were from Twitter.
kinnnda sad i cnt go to METRIC tonight..
but thats life  off to grab a drink.
xo
 OMG u gave every person with bc 100R$?!?!?!?!?!?Omg...i had a bc but..it went away  ARGH!!!!
i dont like u!
jk
I'm hungry.
But too lazy to get out of bed.
Roar roar roar says my tummy 
 i wanna go with you!!!
haha but im way down here.
i just dont want to go to pomona..
doesnt look like ill be getting new comics today after all  time to be bored till we go pick up the tuxs squarespace
tiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiired out of my mind  will go to bed soon
 I have 3 apps that need updating, and I cannot seem to get them to install properly.
The badge saying &quot;3&quot; won't go away 
  My Mom is furious at me for telling her that I'm not going.
She basically shunned me and she stormed off.
Tummy hurts 
Okay so i bought a scale today.......
Ugh rain, left cindy gomez and the street car took so long I was late for school  almost done, just the exam left on Monday.
i'm glad i haven't got exams this year ...
but it's my third day of vacations and i'm already bored...
i wanna go to the beach 
 no, no jon  but I did get me this - 
wondering why people dont like me, I'm funny and really kind do everything 4others without asking for anything in return  is it worth it?
leaving in a few days for Boston e2conf but it looks like rain 
 hey hey  how b you?
where is everyone?
is sitting on the tarmac in Philly due to more delays...
looks like this long travel day has been extended 
 oic!
Sometimes his tweets just blow right over me lol, I prolly  better get showered I gotta work 
 dang  well we could meet up halfway lol..
then take a jet plane around the world...
deal?
lol
is tending to a sick Bean 
Feeling like crap i dont like it at all  i dont want to feel like this anymore help the dizzy stop
 i am here and you are nawt.
To com fome.Nao sei cozinhar.Quero sopa.S.O.S / I m hungry.I can t cook!.I wanna bowl of soup...
oh shit.
the power just went out.
i do not think the storm moved south and east  am actually getting worried about this tornado warning 
ugh home again.
tiredd..
btw im dumping my bf.!
 nothing really i'm okay thaank you and see you tomorrooooow!
i miss you already 
when is H&amp;M coming to Portland, OR!!
We always get stores last 
 i just saw yours, and i remembered I had to upload mine too  lol.
every single album had that sticker over Nick's face 
Hmm ...
the greenified version of my icon looks ugly 
it took me like five times to type out hear 
Hoping to be at Valley right now!!...
I knew I was regret this!
 our date 
 Would love 1 but costs too much.
Sorry I missed your PSN message btw, was making cupa-soup 
I'm trapped in a thunder storm w/ my dog!
The murlocs came out!1!one!!
I want them so bad but am so poor right now 
PS.
Creeping through the grade 8s' Claremont albums on Facebook make me feel nostalgic...
whatever happened to the &quot;Ant Hill Trio&quot;, lol.
is driving to new jersey now and not watching the mets 
 are just too expensive to be wasted.
Not to mention, that the job has to be paid.
I got the DDR Extreme theme to work for StepmaniaX v11!
for about 8 songs, then it rebooted into the dashboard  FML
 Hi Nick!
I am in Birmingham, AL.
I plan to stay inside with air conditioning.
It is so hot and humid outside.
 PLEASE find my skirt!!!
 Kevin, Thanks for the follow!
Boy, do I need your help.
Green (thumb) is NOT in vocabulary.
Have great week.
Diane.
 sounds like alot on your plate.
if i ever want to sell or promote anything you are totally my guy.
hopefully you wont
School's almost over.
I'll miss you all.
My phones fucked up  I tried to update it to 3.0 and suddenly it wont turn on and it wont restore, feeeeeeeck  I'm gonna cry seriously.
 can you give me the apple server link please to the ipsw?
shift+update doesnt work for me 
I also saw iphone 3.0 update, its nice but I still like palms web os, if only palm had the apps like apple does, 
wheres my man man  ??
ii misss himm alreadyyyy.
boo where yu at ?
I don't like days when I barely get to sit down at my desk.
stupid meetings...
 Think of all the spooning you're missing out on 
help!
I signed up for Daily Twittascope and I can't unsubscribe!
Anyone know how I can do this?
I'll have the Casey Shraeger, open-faced sandwich.
savetheunusuals.
via 
 I need to join a leauge u don't see a lot where I @ 
is feeling crummy.
Sore throats suck 
im gonna try and study again...
We barter in beer!
&gt; problem fixing other people's computer...
they never want to give you any money for doing so.
(via )
at home sick!
 District Director in 2 large territories and you are not sure if your Co.
has a Twitter acct?
WOW   Sad to see Eddie go down
Just come back from market, hehe.
i hate goin' to markets, cause we cant buy everything that we want soo.
i hate go there 
 Why is it so hard to find banana blossom salad  ?
i miss the days i had plenty of mulla in the bank, partied till dawn at least four nights a week &amp; ate in expensive restaurants daily 
I'm going to EDC on Saturday!
Friday is promised to someone/thing else..
YAY SATURDAY  Hope to see some of you there!!!
!!!
 yeaa no bf but i didnt say anything bout no drugs hah.
ya i really miss u and i need to b w my friends today im a wreck 
we made a human pyramid again...
only this time they left me out...
  float:left;display:inline; margin-top:0px; isnt working 
My dog bit me too and my thumb bled.
Karma?
 im drinking too - diet coke in a hotel room.
first time i sat down all day.
i dont think i've even peed 
sitting in my boxers eating a frozen burrito 
NO!
why oh why can't i settle down somewhere ugh 
I keep feeling exhausted and i don't even know why.I think its time to visit my doctor to fix me 
 awe!
Poor girl  she hadn't even been limping the last few days we were there...she is one tough cookie!
At IHOP,  won't let me have any fun 
Wishing I was still at Fenway on this ONE sunny June day..and not at my computer working on scripts 
I want to go home     
I wish I was at work already.
So many delays this morning 
  but I will be with you soon love....&lt;3
SHIT!
Fuck.
Tits balls bitch asshole newb looser dodo head rotten maggot ridden diseased shank hole.......I just loituma-ed myself 
Is playing softball then maybe bar with no money 
missed shakespeare dates this year, is an idiot 
Damn times like these I wish I was 21 
fml fml fml...i HATE storms  probably hiding under the bed crying
   I don't know.
I'LL BE REALLY BORED !
is thinking it's more fun clothes shopping WITH someone else!
shouldnt have eaten that hotdog 
Kingdom confirms 7 new cases of Swine flu 
flunked one of my MSCE test's today.
I am so bummed.
I will have to figure out what the &quot;H&quot; went wrong there.
stuDYING.
dates suck.
got all the titles and the majority of the artists though!
woop.
 i mean it this time!
i get off work at 5 in roseville and we can hangg before and then get dinner...i miss you  geisha
 just always really awkward...we just don't have anything to say to each other evidently.
 Glad your feeling better that was a long time to be sick.
How is it only wednesday?
this week is going unbelievably slow..
Have to give a tour first thing tomorrow, I may collapse with tiredness 
 it's all down to you!!
gutted I couldn't come to your show last week  Next year fingers crossed!!
Hoping to be ay Valley right now!!...
I knew that I was regret it!
feeling a bit under the weather 
 A bunch of football players prank called me last night, and it sucked majorly  On the bright side, my dad got a job in Dallas!
 matthew horne had sex with my nan...
Not a lie...
Unfortunatly 
 Aww bummer  Those were fun.
 That's...that's just awful.
 LOL FAIL (I am working in the evening  )
Maybe I do need a GPS when I drive 
 TOMORROW.
AHHHHHH.
THE TIDE IS HIIIIGH BUT 'M HOLDING ONNN.
ATOMIC KITTEN FTW.
I miss them  been listening to them all day
 me too 
Talking with my girls, but not for too long, I've got a headache 
I want to go see David Cook.
But he doesn't have a show close enough.
Boo you, David...
boo you!
 are you giving up book drive due to 5*?..I got picked too but have 5*..so far 8 people in same situation 
 thanks lady.
If Hell had an address, it would be Riverbend.
There is no band on Earth that would entice me to step foot there 
iTunes decides to be silly and not let me download the new Transformers score.
 July 10th!
Are you kidding me.
That's the week I'm on holiday and probably won't have access to internet 
I miss hooters already 
 yep nothing is sacred not even our guilty pleasures anymore 
 dont say that!
love story makes me sad!
we dont have a love story friend !
 yup  im tired of spamming though so this is the last week
 dammit juan..
im jealous!!
how did you get your phone to work with this shit??
lol..
 Aww!
That sucks.
 I know!
Was so sad I missed it!
 Very cool vid you sent me in direct mail.
I tried to reply thru direct mail but noticed you don't follow me   I still luv ya
 Airport Express doesn't rock enough to allow wireless scanning with the Canon pixma MX310, but otherwise it's wireless goodness.
 I have 33 mins to go.
but have to leave in 15  
 aww  your still sick?
hope you get  better soon, cause africaanizing would be more difficult when your sick 
 Hey thanks!
Currently working on a fix, so next week will be an uber-relaunch of Astroengine Live, just really frustrating 
 and I'm bloody missing it!
noooooooooooo!
im so excited for promotion, but sad to be leaving 
Did my camera really just die as I was loading pics of Sensual Steps?
Man, F...M...L!
Grrr 
 hey soilderknowbest, I finished a crappy day at work went to update myself and got the same error 
 pissed cuz I already brought food!
 whats this chemo talk???
Am i missing something?
facebook chat doesn't like me 
sick, temperatures and feeling dizzy 
Just got home from baseball which was suspended 
Finally feeling better...I've been sick for 3 days 
is missing a bag of records 
 They definitely did.
Maybe he will be back, who knows 
 well do some for me, i'm still at work 
13 more days til Ferry, Menno, Cosmic Gate, Lawler, Dubfire and Hawtin!
Oh, AND going home to my Toronto peeps!
I miss them  
 I am not sure of this mindfullness stuff.
Was suppose to learn it and was given 8 sessions to conquer it.
Dint happen 
sleepy, itching all over and can't seem to get my eyes of the news from Iran.
sooo wasn't able to write today  blindinglights
I want to see hes just not that into you I missed it at movies!
 OUCH!!!!!!man..that must hurt 
 it could be her ears  I'd take her to the doc.
I've been told that they pull at their ears sometimes when teething 
 now now, no shit talking the blackberry.
I can't afford an iphone, and I cant switch services yet either 
Megan is being mean to me at Chipotle.
She's calling me a liar because I forgot to send Atonement back to Netflix.
Now she's ignoring me.
 i know right he shud not have gone  but i am glad i met and had a picture with him wen he was a pure utd player lool
 Twittermom just knew that ankle wasn't ready for class yet!
(It sounds good anyway) Back to RICE huh.
Oh great, now that I got twitterfeed working again it picks up the old crap...
 I actually never learned how to knit  but I can crochet like a crazy woman!!
Everyone hits me up for mittens in the winter
Mandy left for MD, the pups and I miss her  Must get my house in order, only 10 days till abuelos and Mandy come, yikes!
 ITS JumpING IN AND OUT IM NOT EVEN PUSHING shift ItS MAKING ME TYPE LIKE A BOPPER 
 thanks hun.
It's tough to balance stan and her right now.
Esp on 40 plus hours of being awake.
Back in the ill Mil  Someone come and get me!
wondering why twitter isnt sending me updates!
232 Games and Ellsbury makes the 1st error of his career 
 No luck here.
I tried getting the update for the iTouch, but apple's servers are completely bogged w/iphoners updating 
Headin to the ER with Cam.
He is so miserable right now and warm.
Prayin its not the swine flu.
I miss him already...
 Terrible.
One of those days when you never should have gotten out of bed.
I'll surviive though.
And yourself?
Itchy eyes 
Feeling a little neglected by people today, which is not a good feeling.
I need some love...or at least a hug!
Is not having the best day today 
 ohhh im sorry about that!
and no ways!?!?!?!
SERIOUSLY!!
ahhb thats aweosme!!!
DDDD
 He didn't ask for your hat did he?
Nah, you wouldn't do that to me.
Would ya?
HMMMM
Just blew 60 bucks on an armadillo tire 
 She said its too late.
That means its in recovery mode.
You lost your data.
She can call u but you cant get the data back.
Sorry 
I wish Ned could undead Pushing Daisies.
 i need some different medicine and some food plz.
thnx.
I &lt;3 Led Zepplin but sadly, the only song I hate, &quot;Fool in the Rain&quot; came on Pandora, I unliked it but I ran out of liscenses to skip it.
 take note  EPA declares health emergency in Montana town (AP) (via )
 yes...cheers Croz ; zero degrees here , outside that is 
Do I lose karma points for not feeding the poor, starving kitty?
 you make the flight?
I did not 
 ..Thanks anyway...not 4 me..never liked the smell or taste (or after taste) of BEER 
 Your poor hair  lol
Fuck my brother breaking my car 
I just accidentally slammed my head against the edge of a table.
Frinimey laughed.
It hurts.
My weakness: kindness 
I haven't made a purchase over 50 as a business, so I can't get a Makro card yet  x
Opera 10 with Turbo turned on is a heck of a lot faster than Safari 4....
Sorry, Apple 
No-one is Twittering 
what should i eat for use jeanie is eating meatballs &amp; she's not sharing 
is pining for Swaziland and her volunteers  been looking at all the photos...
I miss everyone too much.
Waaaaaaaa!!!!
 yess  I cried because edward cullen is tooo precious!
Hahaha
Aaaaah, I don't know what to do.
I can't get the update  It won't work!
I WANT BLUETOOTH DAMN IT!
AND CUT AND PASTE!!!!!
ARGH!
Has anyone bought a decent cell repeater / signal booster?
Cell tower coverage at my house is dismal 
 ain't that the truth......
got a new phone.
*sigh* How the heck did I manage to throw my phone into a cup of water?
iTunes store must be very busy  
 thanks Kate.
Just woke up from a long nap.
;) still sore throat 
Bored  Getting ready to watch SYTYCD at 8 .....
Excited &lt;3
Seems like ALL Apple servers are slow today.
Can't even update Shazam, because the App Store is soooo sloooowwwww 
  yeah we talked about it since probably 1988 but seriously planned in '95 but still didn't make it 
 look im so sorry.
i love you.
seeing you sad makes me sad.
 Omg that video was soooo sad.
Why did you have to say something about it, you knew people were then going to go and watch it.
 i know 
Ugh, I definitely have a cold.
I'm going back to sleep now.
*waves weakly before passing out*
 gah, i'd be on if we had a ride!
my uncle is working 
 well, shit.
Sorry to hear that.
I  am ready for some D&amp;D tonight...but my poor phone is dead 
 i know  damn him, all i can hear is &quot;mutter mutter mutter coffee mumble&quot; BUT MAYBE IS THIS BECAUSE I DON'T KNOW KOREAN D:
 i missed it  have to catch up on sunday ohh ye so  fancy ldn on sunday?
xoxo
Doh!
My dad jumped into the ocean with his camera in his pocket!
 i got mine too!
yeah.
calendar is the same.
i was actually really looking forward to the MMS.
damn.
Sick  watching tv and then bed, work again at 7:30am tomorrow!
Text me....
We will miss you 
Gonna go to wizzork and close the store with just Brianne 
iPhone OS 3.0 is a good one.
Now I might acutally use it as a phone!
But a 3am wakeup wasn't so nice 
 yeahh i think twitter is broken...
it just went down....
a lot.
getting ready to go to a kasey chambers concet    D: D: D: i dont wanna goo!!!
  wonders why i always  get the tweets after the hours are over 
 I would but I haven't updated yet.
sorry can't feed the addiction.
Drinkin another Guinness...
Think it's 272 left...
I had to put my Dad's cat to sleep today...
IABM
is backing up my phone in preparation for iPhone OS 3.0...
losing my jailbroken software   but PwnageTool should be out soon!
It's crowded at the shop 
So I bit through my lip while hooping today.
It is the deepest fuckin thing ever and no girl will kiss me now 
 hey babe good luck, hope you win!!!
Sorry I won't be able to get there in time 
It has been an exhausting day.
I wish I could make myself a freakin frappuccino but I haven't learned to do that yet 
2 bad I can't take a picture of the view from my bedroom, it's AMAZING so spiritual!
The lights are 2 far they don't appear on picture 
waitinwaiting patiently or him to say YESSS!
aurgh 
How did it get so late?
bio practice regents june 2008  SCARED TO TAKE IT.
help?
Lost in my &quot;real&quot; businesses lately, neglecting my photography  Hope to get back into it soon.
meu deus!!
thank god this daY IS OVER xe fodas 
Ahh!
I got 10 more days!
Watching the squid &amp; the whale with ben &amp; emily.
My cheeks are pink from swimming so long w\o sunscreen 
Just remembered can't go out late tonight due to work at 6am tomorrow 
 I see I'm not the only one to collect P tickets 
I want to eat sushi 
My mom just sold my dog 
 Yay for drunk/woozy but  for PT.
good luck with that
first time i havent been there in 4 years 
Horrible storms,tornado warning.
No power had to cut Ava time short.
hope Fri hr better!!
 aw i'm sadd we can't go now  love you
 Oh Esme  Sleep helps most things.
Everything's better in the morning.
back hurts 
, i'm so hating you for posting pics of food when i am hungry...
Studying for Bio all night long...ugh 
Sick :\ fever migrane the works .
ugh
 I hate when that happens.
 Save any tacos for me?
I've got killer homemade salsa and nothing to put it on 
Never under estimate ear candling - I have ear infection now 
2 days till I die again 
 me neither  you'd have to do do like 1000 squarespace tweets per day to have a chance lol.
 cut me off  ..every1 write her n bark at her!!
Gone for ...
3 hours .
Back later .
Without my dog  Xx
 Wow, I do that like once a week.
 too bad they are gunna lose 
Missin mai baby 
i'm so scared/nervous for tomorrow 
 happy birthday bro!!!
wish i could be there on Friday, but its our first night in Ibiza 
 hi any chance of some tickets 4 my 30th bday October for bham i went in April   but got back to car got parking ticket   boooo
   yah i think its time to cut down the penis jokes,its not that funny 
  it makes me wanna cry
.
.
.
And down goes Nambu!
Application crashed for the second time.
 Random query.
Who made your new jacket?
Actually who makes all the coats I love them all.
I have a wrestler coat fetish 
lol my life 
 OMG I HATE OUR TWITTASCOPE!
cuz it's too damn true!
blaaaaaawaah!
how's it going my virgo twitter bff!!!
 keep us updated about the arm!!
 
 you must come!!!
dont miss metrostation live!!
hating that leaving so fast made me miss my last spelling error 
 woops lol Rt that..
I miss DR mo' 
 Good choice Sam!
&amp;  Yeah pretty much.
I was playing WoW until like 5:30 this morning  lol....
so sad.
My iPhone is broken.
Can't get any apps, anything from iTunes, or the iPhone update     fb
I remember then &quot;Bright&quot; was the size of my thumb.
He passed at a good 6&quot;  He was a great fish brightlove
not going to service tonite 
Home Sick yet again  Im dying from the inside out.
 i hear your beautiful voice, i should be stompin around smashed with you in the mpdistrict blowin dieseL!!!!
garrrrrrrrr 
wow i soooo dont feel well..uuugh what the hell 
it's only 6:30 and I feel like going to bed  sleepy...
 I was very sad.
blogging is so diff now.
lol
 6/25 bullfrog but I cant make it  and he's been hella busy apparently - story in paper next week
my thumb hurts 
this is the first time i've ever genuinly be scared shitless for an exam.
why did i take it knowing i'd fail?!
so angry at myself.
is studying for science (34 pages of notes) 
ughh, i need to start studying soon 
I don't Feel Good!!
She wouldn't take my flower: 
Guys, Peter is 300k followers away from his goal!
&lt;3 follow Carlisle of he wont let you into his family  peterfacinelli peterfacinelli
I am hungry  no but its ok cause for every 4 bites a normal person takes one...
Dinner will have to come from the block..
?
 I honestly have no idea how to process that.
It's almost like being dumped via a text message...
Nobody loves me anymore 
 i miss you 
 So sorry to hear about your uncle.
xoxo &lt;3
I feel like life has been passing me by and I've missed a lot of opportunities that I shoulda had the chance but didn't get to have!
@|RachelWest| I've tried to contact the owner of  so that you can have the username, cause my twitter doesn't like the line.
 I really wanted to see AI and/or KC this summer, but I seriously can't.
Which sucks.
Everytime KC tours Im never able to go  psh
All guys are assholes or dogs &amp; every females a hoe or bird-head ..
Can some1 jus show me they not all the fucking same 
 Sad face 
 I wanted to meet the infamous mama gordon.
tell her hi
Finally, a celebrity who is doing something amazing...
check out  - and when so many of us lose people to cancer 
Just dropped maryann off  now I'm off to see my boo
hmm.
im not having good luck on these calls today  had a 40min call for bullshit.
 it says image not found 
 they're for my brother and his friends tomorrow.
but I stole one.
I'm gonna admit.
They're pretty awesome.
 dats meen 
 ahh alritey well I'm off back to history  I'll check backk laterrr
I'm still sad about that facebook quiz result.
I'm 0% girly.
It does not look like I'm going to make Comics 101 
hmmm what if I dont fall asleep when they do a sleep study?
I'll be in a strange place without hubby and CP  eek.
Very nervous about it
raining 
My stomach is killing me 
 Daaaavid.
did you know the orthodontist pretty much sucks?
it does.
pain = not fun.
can't wait for the concert in AZ on 7.9!
Almost done re-designing my new website!
But I'm tired of looking at my screen...break time!!
I noticed updated but now you can't compare achievements  i loved that feature.
 i know...
it was so beautiful yet so sad 
iphone OS3 upgrade not so seamless...iTunes upgrade first,slow &amp; cumbersome initially followed by SIM errors and crashing iTunes 
just installed a new hard drive in my macbook...my other one failed.
I am just hoping I can salvage all my work, music, and memories 
 I'm out of mana, and my 'Pimp Website' skill is in cooldown.
Dangit.
But we've got a good start!
steph should get a twitter so i can follow her 
missin my baby  still @ my nanas house chillen gettin this dance 2getha 4 the dance explosion  hope im able 2 make 2 dances in 1 day
My brand new patio umbrella apparently flung itself into traffic in spectacular attempt to escape my backyard!
It is now garbage.
at home by myself  
 I didn't see your, but I don't like mustaches.
Please, shave it.
lol
 i just know i have to know it  its kind of fml'in my future right now.
lets just go into business.
get rich and live in malibu
why doesn't james text me back?
well that's a fine howdy do.
can't dl Evernote 3.0, iTunes store too busy 
 Yes, and my roommate  is leaving for the summer  i cannnntttt waiiiiitttt tto seeee youuurrr faceeeeee
studying for my final tomorrow 
It's hard to type when I'm lying on the sofa with Zoe lying asleep on top of me SQUASHING ME 
Fuck I rly want 2 strap on these rollerskates n go walk my dog but I can't get them dirty till I use them in another photoshoot  boo
 Nope, not just you.
Used to be it would minimize into my system tray, which I loved.
Not anymore.
 - Awww god bless her.
RIP xx
first day back to world after sick for 5 days.
Can i go home yet?
Gonna be lots of catchup to do.
Yeck  
 gosh i had a headache all day too....but alas it was not to be blamed on Mr.Boreanaz 
bah!
and now the VPN won't login 
 SO freaking bummed i couldnt make it 
  the bigger question is how much do men consume...
 dont hate me!
 you're seeing the Wiz without me!!!!!
Momma!
How could you!
does anyone know a software to copy songs from iPod to Mac that is free without a song limit 
after upgrading to os 3 for my iphone now get itunes unknown error (-4) when trying to download an app, not happy 
yay had fun today....I have a tummyache 
wish i brought a blackberry instead of iphone  - regrets
 Video is only available on the 3GS running OS 3.0 
 : Free tix COOL.
Gavin not coming to New England UNCOOL.
awww which1 of my twiggaz would like to get me a extra strength tylenol....
ok i make up the minority when it comes to tweeters with phones..sue me if i dont have a iphone or a BB  lol
poor apartment neighbor has been crying out for her lost kitty for the past two days 
Published some small fixes for the new color picker swatches not updating when a hex code is keyed in, but had to roll them back for now.
  so sorry to hear.
    @ derring1 @ tanya_Jolene @ wendywings    many thx you all  
Its official hand broke  got a big ass cast
Still at the dentist.
Looks like no BJJ class for me tonight.
Boo!
 ~ Her mom is very sick so she is going home to be with her.
So sad 
 who is diddy?
I feel so out of the loop.
 Guess not...
212,939 now 
missed Charlie a lot....
  you forgot your juice.
Hha  you w christopher?
currently finding a shit ton of old friends on twitter and realizing my life is wicked incomplete without them  &lt;3
 I'm havin difficulty downloadin new apps 
 .....True fact.
I've neva done it....but the majority beats the minority.
 Maybe your body was eminating so much excitement, it broke your iphone?
Sorry about ur texts tho, that sucks.
 I don't know!
Nothing I have on my shelf looks appealing.
I'd like to try a new book instead of re-reading a favorite.
i'm hungry and it makes me sad.
bus is late don't tell me i have to drive today 
 NOPE!!!
IM SO UPSET.
IVE HAD A WRETCHED DAY AT WORK AND I WAS LOOKING FWD TO THIS DOWNLOAD
today is the first day i've been away from Belle since i've been gone...its gunna be acouple long, hard days..
already miss her 
i never found a vest   i am so unprepared
Oh nooo...
Feeling very poorly.
Flu symptoms 
 OH MY GOD!
for a second i thought you wrote me back!!
then i noticed that it was on the home page with everyone tweeting 
Rest In peace Nick..
can't believe your gone...
That 2-0 pitch said, &quot;Hit me.&quot; A-Rod said, &quot;No thanks.&quot; 
darn.
i think friend my be back off   
Watching the promotion.
Its not very funny 
focus: clean with all this dust in the air!
 yeah they bitch us out also....we used to it 
eughhh too much wine, sore head 
 omg I had that exact door mat!
I had to get rid of it when you couldn't read it anymore.
 you better not 
feeling like shit and im too tired to explain why so ima go to bed right now and holla at you twiches tomorrow  u have a goodnight
needs to stop panicin .
Good night twitter 
little nap, now outside since the temp had dropped to a low of 96 to water the plants...
then back inside to die...too HOT in TX already 
packinggg then new ro for the nite..work so early tomorrow its disgustinggg 
 dont hate your life.
i love ya buddy!
The feeling I felt this evening..
I never want to feel again.
my mother was talking to my dog...SHIT 
can't believe how expensive groceries are nowadays.
what the haay 
Storming out pretty bad.
Which is highly inconvenient since my phone bill is due today and the power is out 
Baby loves some chocolate heath cream pie!
But hes killin my ribs  Still Going
Does anyone know where i can get a dvd of &quot;the seven year itch&quot; starring marilyn monroe and &quot;the breakfast club&quot;.
They're my 2 favs 
 yes 
will didnt have his permit againnn.
poor will 
, not sure if that is bad news or good, both are yucky yuck no-good 
 ah i don't get twit yet, id rather fb  but nothing is up we have to hang soon!
I may have done something mean 
I hope you are fine..you don't know how much I miss you, it hurts     love you forever.
Please, have dinner ok?
and sleep well my love
keep reading...
my phone still doesn't work 
 i wanted to go watch it but i sorta forgot.
xD i doubt it thou.
 deym that looks delicious...
20% of visitors still have screen resolution 1024  768 
 and I've had 2/month the last 3-4 mo's.
I can barely walk bc of cramps/pain.
I feel like a whole other person.
so miserable.
 I wish.
Stupid work tomorrow 
gonna miss them 
fingers are about to fall off, 
At the car wash...
Then off to work 
  OH NO!
but prob hahah
 sorry you feel so bad.
Hopefully the doc can give you something to make you feel better soon 
 what status update??
o yeah, i gotta close friday...
no &quot;year one&quot; unless u wanna go late 
Totally want to buy a road bike and bike to work, but can't find a decent woman's road bike for under $1300.
Not thrilled about used...
 lol i have only seen the first one  i got some catching up to do...
arent there like 5??
Waiting for the bus is boring 
the thing that sucks is that i didnt bring a camra so?
.....BUMER    
Lost again.
lost my phone permanently.
i need to get a new one!
tonight: going to the brett michaels concert at the del mar fair w/bri &amp; michelle!
omg my neck and back is so sore i cant even move !
 re: SOS pads...how do I know?
I just cleaned spot in fridge with old milk spill...
...and it was only thing that worked.
Big swim night...girls at the pool alone.....
work outs from 4:15 to 5:45.
They are getting too big 
Bored about to go work all night 
 Huhu jealous.
Even my dad is flying there tonight!
I feel icky.
text and make me smile?
i hate when im trying to sound like air freshner and i cant...
 hey babe, what happened to those 12sec bootylicious videos?
I miss your booty!
 this is TERRIBLE!
we gotta do somethin ab this asap 
 i am so jealous of u n the boys today     celebrating w the lakers wout me......(tear tear)
 called me a mom  INSULTED MY MANLINESS
 kill me now MATH is so hard!!!!!!!!!!!
ahhhhhh 
YES Network HD isn't working for me.
I think I might cry.
Yes...I'm that pathetic.
 it's not easy!
Every time I think I finished something, something else pops up  &amp; don't be negative!
 Oh sorry!
I don't know how I missed that!
:S Nope, don't think so!
didn't nightmare, just a very very bad dream, mainly due to my appalling behaviour in it 
I'd rather be leveling my Paladin than sitting here at work.
Just had a very strange Harry Potter dream.
I don't understand the point of having a HP dream and not having Quidditch or magic in it.
feeling really sad.
ughhh theres this aniimaL here &amp;	imm scaredd 
 i agree i'll never meet them 
my budget's going to be very tight for the next few months   ah well, I'll have space for guests and a door between sleeping &amp; living area
 I tried sweetheart but it won't play on my blackberry!
I'm sad now!
 i dl'd a podcast and it won't let me do anymore  it says &quot;It looks like there's a temporary problem with our server.&quot;
 this tweetdeck's stupid!!
it keeps telling me ive got new tweets even though i've ticked them off!!
No twitter for weeks  sacralige, more dreadful is my hair  dam I need my hairdresser bad, being broke sucks more
 i hope your situation with the boy gets better  it makes me sad to hear all the doubt coming from you!
im really think i need a boyfriend, im like really lonely 
 too HOT in TX already  = Isn't though!
I'm so tired of watering grass!
 Ya, no iPhone.
Ok, thanks.
Bye.
I would say more of whats on my mind but i might get in more trouble so yes.
SML.
yes i said S not F.
SML !
 cause id like have to like wake up really early and stay up to drive home but i really wanna go i always go to two also 
 my internet broke !
some are so funny eh!
:L
THAT was a horrible work out...
only lasted 20 minutes on the treadmill and I feel like I'm gonna throw up and pass out  
Headache just worsened by 1 million!!
It sucks ass.
Nothing seems to be working, im dying of pain here, HELP!!!!!!!!
fingers are about to fall off, because of all this writing 
 i may die without my phone.
hmmm friday would be good!
 oh I seeee!
I thought you meant original OS.
oh hurry up and upgrade!!
3G rocks!
Lol!
xx
sick in bed today  
Watchin  with Bradd Pitt in New Orleans, California.
LOVE  ELLEN.
I wish I can go to one of her shows 
Ughh these double days blow..
Too bad it goes on all summer..
what happen with my computer?
loves Keyboard Cat: Super Mario Bros edition.
I'm now using twitter as an alternative to updating my fb status &gt;1 time/day.
 - aww your mean!
Tattoo delayed until tomorrow at 3 
to triste 
Yesterday would have been Tupac's 38th birthday...
 I am lost.
Please help me find a good home.
Going to take alyze to hospital she hurt her hand 
Isnt going 2 mutual.
Sorry guys!
my doggie bit my parrot 
 unfortunately i'm a londoner  but i saw you on the 15th and you were amazing!
i'm definately coming to see you again!
X
 I do too!
But I want swirls so bad 
I'm an awesome fuckin friend!
Last night at the b 
just got a tetnus booster on my left arm, ow, I'm in pain 
sleep nonw, my eye is still swollen  sad times.
2 out of the lineup 
just got backk ughh i hate braces  anyways gonna go do laundry lmao
Big dancehall concert in NY this weekend  wish I could go 
colleen's leaving in 3 days  what am i going to do without her??
 Almost...
Tyrion &amp; Jamie just had their brief reunion.
It's been so damn good.
Heard Feast isn't as good.
 its downpouring and cold in the mountains.
I had a bad dream that Ben died, it made me cry 
studying economics....woomp woomp  but come monday ill be on the beach!!!
Fuckk!
I ate all the Nibs!
  look i know right now seems tough but dont give up.
you gotta have faith.
I hate smelling what the neighbours are cooking through my window because it always smells so good and I can't have any 
It so crazy  And dangerous for everyone!!!
 so so over everything
Shame on the International leaders who have accepted Ahmadinejad as Iran's President, shame on U Japan and Russia !!
Iranelection
:  isn't shady.
She's my friend.
 so i had sushi with my best friend today from sushi-q, man that was some of the best sushi iv ever had in my life!
what did you do today?
     RIP, thoughts with you.
:  I-40 in New Mexico has WAY too much construction.
I lost my &quot;Dion Bracelet&quot; at work!!
My everyday accessory.
I'm really sad 
  i wanna play rockband now 
OMG  you have almost double my updates 
 yea..
i made it to the coliseum.
it was so much fun!
the crowd was huge!
i couldn't believe it.
i got really burnt though 
 yes please  i'm dying of swine flu.
 I am sorry the baby is sick.
Hope she feels better give her lots of love.
hurts all over and is really pissed off that he won't be able to join in Dan's Birthday / end of semester festivities tonight  
I have to wear another heart monitor 
I need a phone charger quick or else i will have no access to anyone outside of work!
carl.gaffney@asb.co.nz if u don't hear from me 
Just got off work, my feet hurt.
Feel super sick  threw up twice already 
Don't understand torrents so am having to watch a movie on you tube...its going to be a long night 
I think that not having sex sucks.
moving again...
body at home, mind in cornwall!
Wf?!
The Blockbuster near campus closed!
The beach was surprisingly nice.
Now work 
at 1st i thought there was a bomb that went off in my stomach...
Turns out its a lion &amp; he is pissed!
I just fed him too!
Idk whats wrong 
10 inches of rain in 30-40 mins..
Basement flooded..
Sometimes I wonder if it's wise to wake up in the morning 
oh wow im scared of the storms!
i hope there arent tornados!!!
~steph~
 ssoorrryyy I replied to the wrong person 
I dont wanna grow old 
I HATE THAT SONG.
I dunno know what it was called.
It's not based on the beat at all..
it's based on the melody that you have to LEARN 
 Dont feel bad i wanted one too and didnt get one.
got sunburned on the back of my neck, guess I didn't put enough sun tan lotion on, now I'm paying for it.
why can't i just tell doorsalesmen to get the hell of my property instead of buying stupid crap from them 
i need to sleep......i also need you.
to sleep with me.
 aww I miss you!
at the salon 4 my mom 
I stepped on a bee and got stung in my foot  That's what I get for never wearing shoes
My poor bad boy is sick 
My window was left open all day..
Stephen is 18.
Idt my parents will approve of him now lol 
 all my childhood memories of wizbit lol apparently you're not so friendly with wizbit and the guys anymore 
 haha yah,it will be mad fun&lt;333 and word,i wish i was like sin so all the boys can like me too 
Im home but im wet 
missed the phone call.
 damn i really wish i could go  but i live in brazil, so thats impossible haha.
cant wait to see you here in brazil nic &lt;3
Just spent $60 dollars at the grocery on a whole lotta nuthin!
What a bummer.
     I cannot seem to find one that will hold my massive boobs 
 no, it isnt  dodger dogs are yummy.
i need to go to a dodgers game stat.
you up for it chels??
 wasn't it sad!!
poor old man 
 and me i can't find pitou between my legs 
 yeah i'll keep at it.
so much for my early night 
Oh i just LOVE character dinners 
So happy that Twitter's back online!
School exams tomorrow   Piano Exam Monday &gt; _ &lt; 
Tweetdeck for iPhone keeps crashing on me for no apparent reason 
 We have some kind of issue everytime live goes off for 24 hours, we should be used to it by now 
 i was talking to zainab and shes making an essay outline for every conflict :| with quotes.
Just ate meat for the first time in months.
Man I feel horrible for that chicken that became my dinner.
I want to see my boos tonight!!!
And, I plan on pouting until we make it happen     
Awe my sister is crying  she's 8 and drama is already getting to her.
Jeeez.
 yes they are cheaper but you def get what you pay for; specially wrt electronics.
Japanese have lo-grade electronics 
I miss The Hush Sound - xmusicxisxlifexx: So do I, dear, so do I.
Me too.
Me too.
Same here =[ same here....
Ya wanna know what i miss?
TRL thats what.
summer just sucks without it.
 
I'm going To milwaukee tomarrow 
I didn't get the phonecall  what about nokia 97 tho hhhmmmmmm....everyone's asleep in my household except me!
Sick  sore throat.
Need to rest up for the bachelor party on saturday though!
Tonight was crap didn't get in was too busy.
Now we don't no wot to do 
no sibs to cook for this week   I have no reason to get out of my bed - except that overstuffed suitcase I shoved in the corner
Fuck the plastic packaging.
Oww 
 I MISSYOU TOO!
Wish I could pull a Kristina and fly out to surprise you!
Won't be back from vaca, tho!
In small print: MMS support coming from AT&amp;T in late summer  That is very sad.
My internet keeps going in and out and it makes me sad.
my head is sooo sore.
boo @ taking too many painkillers at once and notbeing able to take anymore!
 shane and I had to replace the clutch in the car about 2 months ago.
That was money I didn't have either.
sorry for that
Quick nap, dinner, no work out facility here...
Tweetdeck for the iPhone keeps crashing 
 that happened to me once and I flipped my shit.
I'm sorry 
is sad no one wants to go to uncle bills with her.
 no, it's my access - busted laptop, trouble syncing files w/pc &amp; other laptop, etc.
thanks for the sympathy!
Hope u r well!
Work is cutting into my reading time.
..
let someone talk me into a perm and if it doesnt get fixed soon i am going to pull a b.
spears and shave my head  ..
vegan has to avoid greens 
i can't sleep it's too HOT 
What am i doing?
Im feeling like total and utter shite thanks.
i want to run and hide...
my whole body hurts , i need a massage bad 
Apparently I did good.
She said she didn't expect anything less from me, therefore, no golden stars 
 Honey!
you're leaving?
Night, sweet purple dreams.
*hugs &amp; kisses* x
I MUST learn how to hold my tongue.
I speak to freely.
Its  gift and a curse 
Picked up my dropped off laundry for the first time ever today.
Except now the laundry people know what my underwear look like.
FML.
    Noodle neck, my ass!
lol
 arrrrgh!!!!
I wish I had a movie to watch now.
duuuuude!
so I come into work and my boss tells me someone died in the gym this morning.
he had a heart attack.
he was just walkin around 
 I'm not allowed to move out of state at the moment lolol 
My availabilty gets in the way of yet another job offer 
I wish I could ballroom dance 
Need to sing along to things to keep from getting sleepy, but my voice has been shot since Austin and my throat hurts.
 aww you're so lucky 
If I see someone with a non-jailbroken iPhone OS 3.0, I'm going to snap.
I want native MMS already.
 how did you get yr twitter background?
I was trying to get one of the backgrounds from their website but it wouldnt let me 
 Babe  tryna go in on me!
 Interesting though you found me thu , I don't appear in your &quot;share&quot; ..
Tracy No rain today - it went right by...
Good thing someone invented water hoses!
bored at home, have to work tonight even though its nice outside 
on my way to eat w/ the gooines for the last time!
 lol....but it no worky  I wanted to write  a letter but I dunno where to send it 
jonas-beforethestorm is beautiful and a little sad 
 dude he's mr independent and let it fall straight back on top my foot while I had only flip flops on....
Its bruising 
making my DNA work OMG is too much until monday Ooh no.!
SOMEONE HELP ME.!!
visiting gram......
just finished eating 11 items at Wendys after being challeneged to an eating contest..
 aw  well you're invited to my ocean party.
you can float whichever way you want!
tired, i have such a busy week.
 I still havent done the front of my hair from when we went swimming, its sooo puffy..
LOL 
 well can we on monday ???
i need some classes and maybe they ca help my gpa cause i have a 2.8 and yeah thats not good 
Poor Ella just keeps following me around with her kong and then passing out on tile 
Stay-at-home-mom here needs a stay-at-home job 
wats the scandal with  ??
why the fluctuation in numbers?
im beginning to think its a lost cause 
 awww  yeah, but so am I...Alex's girlfriend?
it's pathetic
Audio: kari-shma: i love it.
I wish someone would sing me a song like this 
 omg wasn't it?
sooo random too, Lola n Coco were scared.
Don't worry I took care of them.
I hate the rain 
 well apparently so!
But I haven't 
My car was broken into in Auckland where an entire street was done 
 hate yoou mother fucker!
MENTIRA..i miss you 
Just gave away his ipod touch!
Atlease i know i made her happy!
Love ya sis
 urgent care.
I dont feel well.
I'm making a Get Well Soon card for a little boy with the Swine Flu.
It's so sad, he's only 8 years old I think 
My Aunt Peachy is in the hospital again.
I have no idea what happened yet since my Mom is on the phone consoling her daughter now.
baiandaly177 how is it going I miss you sooo MUCH!!!!
 now that's rank nothing like that happened at me lol well the guys infront of me kept blowing their joint smoke at me 
 It will never be the same if she leaves.
 You're so smart.
Lol.
I want to see Bro.
Mike 
My phone has returned to life.
I hate missing people.
That means goodbye to BGSU  So sudden...
Gotta find a car + a place to live + money to get there for interview!
i wish i was at taking back sunday tonight 
 gud am rushers!
I'm unable to listen to U live since i'm at work  so i just dload them from the net, hope i can join 1 day!
seeing your exboyfriend's sister at your work is maximum awkward.
i really wish i could say hi.
its 6:30 and no one has called to chill..
oh well, i guess ill just sit here and relax.
 keeellyyy!!
good (aussie) morning!
wish i could be there with you, its storming here 
 I've tried several times, but you just ignore me   Ah, to be an ignored follower.
 ACK!
no.
I had errands that kept poppin up yesterday.
I called the salon, but never left a message  Be there tomorrow?
...thanks to the douche who broke into it a couple of days ago.
$200 bucks to break into my own car (and get new locks) 
 my dad had to buy an extra ticket to get my best friend one  I'm sorryyyyyy
OMG im totaly addicted to shaking my iPod now, no more music for me  well full songs anyways hahaha
Updated my iphone and I still can't send pics through text 
 I can only feel total disgust with that 'mother'...
I am speechless, truly 
Went back to gears of war 2 for some online fun, only to be greeted with the same shitty match making bollocks  gears 2 online is shite.
My laptop is broken    back to using the family desk top..booooooo
I'm home sick today 
 sorry you had a horrible day  *hug*
jonas-beforethestorm is beautiful and a bit sad 
I feel like crap.
:/ it could be because i made one of the the people who still care about me feel the same way.
 thats so sad.
We tried to save a baby bird too, only it never hatched.
God work again tommorow 
Universal healthcare...where are you?
Cigna sucks 
 hold on..ill get on.
and no im down 
 I wish I was going 2!!
mase takes like 2 little crawls &amp;lays dwn.
then does it again, then lays dwn again.
no sun for me today  its raining in the inside and on the outside...gloomy gloomy day for me.
i have to fade away now, its for the best.
gonna get im the shower just got back from kickboxing (: but im tired my leg hurts from running 
my poor baby has an ear infection - past midnight and im holding a cold flannel to her head.
she is only 5 months old 
 i want more than 100 only ..
and celebs 
Kanye West - Welcome to heartbreak.
Amazing song.
Shame Vidzone is a tad laggy in parts on it 
Last night of camp already  sniffle..
[J.Marie]
 I just just saw it.
Yeah we got lawn tix won't be able to spend more as it's a lil tight for me &amp; Keba 
 It's raining here.
Have fun!
 Goodbye!
Cure me, cure me, cure me!!!!!
I don't like being sick.
Made some headway on my girl's Minnie dress that will probably be her Halloween costume.
Would have gone faster, but I had bobbin issues.
No compass?
Damn, I guess the updated hardware/firmware DOES kick a lil more ass.
 i miss our twitter discussions about ennis 
iPhone 3.0 + Yelp update = yelp search broken 
cant sleep  so is going old school retro gaming and playing streets of rage and sonic on the sega mega drive!!
 i wish my summer would start already 
im sooo tired  im gonna hit the sack gd followers ..
sweet dreams ..
xoxo
 sorry to hear that 
Slow &amp; difficult start to the morning which became disastrous as I realised I had no coffee at home.....
Now relying on office coffee 
everyone go to youtube and look up &quot;Dear Eliot&quot; - it's a tear jerker...
i hate oprah for showing me that...
Exams Time 
Boy gas prices have shot up 2day in eastrn nc 
I'm gonna head off to play a little Sims 3.
And I have this outrageous rash all over my legs, what have I done?
lost her favorite pair of sweat pants.
How does someone lose a pair of sweat pants??
Erg.
 what happened?
-and tomorrow should be love 
and you need to follow me...if you dont, i might cry Loren follows me...why dont you 
 broken for me.
only pulling last 100 people followed into edit group list.
pleeeease fix!
 probably not, but you can make small claims court threats if you want the cheap easy way.
Costs more than $40 to file.
Home now wearing bunny ears?My leg hurts and so does my wrist 
i miss my third grade bestfriend 
  you missed out on some excellent company though, including myself....
 oh snap!
im srryy 
I have baby cats living in my shed outside.
They're so cute!
Also, baby Robin is under my deck.
It lost its way.
eating pizza, and i'll study math  i want vocation !!!!
Trying to figure out why ALL my sites are down.
Anyone having issues with WordPress?
 I heard about that - Complete and utter thugs and its totally disgusting that is happened.
Those poor people 
 how could u not bring me some??
 oh mo thats so disgustinggg 
 Ouch!
OMFGGGGGG HELP MEEEEEE!!!!!!
im losing everything that i get my hands on thats fucking important .
i need a genie 
Trying Hard to start 
&quot;Sigh&quot; time to do the math homework 
Yay!
TheCatholicSpirit uses CSS/div layout techniques instead of ugly tables.
But they also have Joomla and jomcomment  
I guess who shopping for me tonight 
 so jeal 
I really never learn...
comcast is saying someone called on behalf &amp; cancelled my appointment req for hd dvr &amp; tv service upgrade, frustrated with comcast 
Mom says shes got a surprise for me and sergio either in the night or tommorow  i dont like surprises unless i know what they are .
Today was better than yesterday but I still have a long way to go.
Also: one of my students was kicked out yesterday &amp; isn't coming back 
frezzing hav a scarf, jeans, 3 tops a jumper and boots on 
Its still pouring rain 
 Dammit, I didn't have time to check for iPhone OS 3.0 this morning.
Had to get a sleepy 8-yr-old to school.
soo jealous of   !
they got o meet the script tonight  !!!
 And just do the twitterverse is up to date: I did no receive breakfast in bed this morning 
 omg, I have been singing it all day too!
It's getting annoying!
Have you seen their video for &quot;Kids?&quot; Too freaky.
 stop making me jealous 
 Hmm, would be good if it was different....
I feel crappy today 
Man Vs.
Food is one of the best shows.
I want a Juicy Lucy soooooooo bad 
 that mess is so upsetting 
 Diet is not working, I go all healthy then get so hungry I end up over eating.
I tried it all ways now  Life if going good ...
I'm bummed   Didn't work out so good with Anthony and I'm VERY depressed.
Ah I am now in da hood.
Funkytown between 16th and 22nd on Oak Park in my lovely Berwyn I'll.
Had an interview for a job at Hot Topic this week.
I hope they hire me, but it seems...nobody wants Trinka 
 and I are pissed off that we didn't get any toys for going to the 499th sellout.
 Wish I could go with  Have fun though!
 I can't go to Archies concert cause im going to JoBros, o well maybe his next tour, I havent gotten to see him live yet 
is awake...still having body aches from tuesday's workout...wonder how my PT will kill me tonight!
I really really don't want to workout today 
about to attempt to write my biology paper 
Great!
....
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
but   I'm ocupied all week long so won't be taking much part on this event..
...
I remember my friend driving like 5mph in a 35mph zone to drop me off because the end was so near 
i hate fighting.
i hate stressing.
i hated crying this morning right before taking my regents  but later on it was great x3.
i do love him
Thinks really, why did I have to go and drop my iPhone?!
Who the fuck was smoking in the ATM?
Now the whole branch smells like ciggarettes 
 trying to get mine but there seems to be a problem connecting.
Servers must be hammered like mad now.
Up and running with iPhone 3.0 now, but still on AT&amp;T's 19th century network 
 Y you booing me?
 I  you too!
Work has been kicking my ass.
 WOW!
That was FAST!
I'm still waiting for my order from !
((( AND my  order from LAST Mon.
getting ready to see my booboo b4 class!!
sucks it'll only be 2 hours...
not even 
Wish I was going to Vegas next month so I could see George Hill!
Bummer 
 What's wrong?
 yeah I know.
Ok VirtualBox3 is really not stable.
I keep getting blue screens from the guest.
Back to 2.2.4
My baby got his first stitches today  .
He has turned into such a BOY this summer!
 looking different with brown hair but just as good ;) loose women started early 
I don't want to b at work till 10...yo kiero una margarita and some snugglies!!
 si le pedi a la blonda pero no sabe either why  snif sho keria !
Studing for math exam tomorrow...
not fun 
I'm thinking like a slab of ribs would be delish for dinner!
I worked out too hard and am now craving meat 
ellen not comin anymore  sorry.
big fat sad sad face.
put us on in london and you can see us then miss you.
drunk.
and limpwrist sweaty...
 No, I had to cancel my RSVP at the last minute.
Your pics are awesome!
Boo for nasty people 
 I'm in nyc until fri 
Over Dan's.
Delicious Brats.
Xbox is blinking 3 lights red out of 4 
 blame my parents  the earliest i'm even allowed to think about moving is december and there are ~requirements
I'm ready to feel normal again.
Been sick for days!
Just got up from the most uncomfortable nap ever- I'm really sick right now.
Ok  turn off the heat....
still waiting for my lappie to cpme home 
Scratch that.
My lil sis got me in a bad mood!
She killed my waking up to a good nap.
A i wuz txting hershey (my kitty) sat on my book  but omg he is sooo cute
::sigghh:: I have sooo much homework to do tonight...
 Robert Pattinson has extremely sleepy eyes, you however have large doe eyes, based on the eye stats, no match sorry 
No tethering on iPhone 3 with Optus because they 'haven't announced the pricing plan yet'  badoptus
I HATE THIS!
All set to go see Moon tonight, and it turns out to be a limited release.
Not coming to a theater near me.
Night w/o kids WASTED.
 Milwaukee a bad place?
I'm so proud of my ATV boys but sad they're leaving on Sunday!
The Ghostbusters video game is out, and I do not have it yet.
 Bring it on Laura I would love too n have for a long time.
Sad thing is is probs not 
 Yes, however, I still can't resist it!
wow, even spammers are following lonely old me 
MF cops..I have 2 stand in a line for 2hrs in vegas heat and I wasn't even over the limit..guess its better than spendin 12hrs in jail 
 apparently not for me 
 Be careful, hunny!
Watch out for the tornado 
Trying to upgrade to 3.0 and getting no where.
 haha, sorry, its a habit!
and sorry for remindin youu!
byeee
 you two have loads of fun for me and keep me in mind on the june 19th, cause its my birthday  &lt;33
  I just want you to show you E-care.
 by two guys and a girl i swear rolled out of white trashville.
she keeps saying girl please UGH.
ITS SOOOOOOOOOOO HOT AND MY PARENTS WONT LET ME TURN ON THE FAN!!!!!!
I THINK I MIGHT DIE D: 
head kills, time for bed 
 Aw that sucks  Feel better soon!
Enjoy visiting your fam - I'm visiting mine next month - can't wait!
is getting totaly addicted to farm town on facebook 
Left my laptop downstairs so I would focus on study but hey my iPod goes on re net 
I didn't cum.
How bout ya?
?
--So much for an orgy 
Heavy rain in the city!
Wasn't raining when I left this morning so I didn't bring an umbrella.
I have to walk 15mins to the Drum in this 
WTF.
THERE WAS ONLY 20 mins left   Whatever.
I feel car sick and I have 3 hours ahead of me.
It's this lame Fresno heat.
:|
   ill stay in the non listening club by myself then
I broke my sunglasses 2day 
 I've been there...
Especially lately 
 Belgium and Spain!?
Damn!!
What an Envy!!
and SKY1 not broadcast in America  ..
pls take a lot pics!!!
have a great TWO shows!!!
Goodbye North Hampton 
Well Wednesday is almost over and no one &quot;WOW&quot;ed me.
Although a homeless guy did &quot;WIO&quot; me..and then peed..
But it's not the same thing.
 - server problems - motivating me to change hosting providers though...
fb
 Did you mean to reply to me in that?
haha.
The video is immense.
He's in a music video as well but I can't find it again 
 We did go to Real Deal, but I can't drink alcohols cuz I had strep and I'm on antibiotics 
Oy vey...somebody's dog has been barking off and on for the past 10 minutes...I'm gonna go crazy 
 i miss the beer fridges 
 rach, 2 things.
1: if it says he tweeted by text, he can't reply to people.
and 2: he rarely replies to people.
 I'm sorry to hear that  I can't believe how mean and rude people can be.
 oooooooow thats an amazing idea.
i hope your mom can trust mine  it would be fantastic if you could come *-*
not worth throwing up.
i don't know what my problem is.
 It's lame!
I just spent the last 30 minutes reorganizing everything and it's still not right.
 Oh no 
Having a really bad day and its only 9.39am 
Fernando Pena's passed away!
So sad...
 my battery died too.
need to buy a new one before glasto 
studying for exams ..
making review notes (N) 
In the time it took me to get out of my car and get to my apartment Matt Wieters hit his first big league home run...
and i missed it.
goodnight, meeting krystina in my break tomorrow.
poor lamb 
wishhhhh i was going to   how g33ky am iiiiii hahaha
 something is wrong with twitter!!
you never show up on my home page  SADFACE
 oh yeah she told me abt that tonite nice&amp;smoove &amp; dem...i'm stuck in the office another hour 
today was my last day of school, i cried, i never thouhgt i'd cry when school ended...ever.
caroline's last offical day at masuda.
like an arrogant (who knows what they have been thinking about me?).
This is undeserved imo.
I'm too sad.
TOO, TOO, TOO sad.
 ur b-day is comin up buddy...and why aren't u following me?!
 Because as a woman, on the receiving end, giving in and then being betrayed makes me feel used, and that makes me feel dirty 
  oh, that's a huge miss 
is lying in bed sick...
and scared iv got swine flu haha
 how does the sight work??
and what is it again?
everytime i download it gives me crap  BSB
these guys are standing in my way and jack's is on soon.
 You forgot me!
Check out my site sometime!
 Dude, i was looking for youu after schoool!
You going to rosss?
Gosh , im never going to see you again!
Lol, howww sadd 
I have a headache and I feel ill with fever ojala me better soon 
 im pissed off with itunes..
cuse its so bogged down!!
now how can i update my apps..
 bah!
that sucks 
 thanks boo, i really hope i didn't get you sick  i'm feeling out of it but i took tylenol or something &amp; i feel much better
I want to go to the gym.
Need to feel that muscle burn!!!
Stuck behind a desk 
I am John's raging flu-caused insomnia  iamjohnsX
i am feeding my little bro.
nicholas his lunch- chocolatey chip teddy grahams and pasta shells.
but he doesnt like it.
i feel sad now!
App store is finally working.
Still waiting on my pwnage tool though 
is still waiting on america new, chances are looking slim  a summer working in somerfield again!
Haven't exercised for two days 
 sorry to hear that   Ts&amp;Ps heading your way...
 Aww if I had money I would def be helping to somehow let us go see them seriously!!
why does the iPod Touch OS 3.0 have to cost $10 
 Lonely?
Where is everyone today?
It's about to rain  Going to the gym
Mocha in my hair 
Yet another EPIC FAIL omlette 
 grrrrr my dad does that all the time!
 my bad!
I see the stripe now!
Sorry sweetheart...
I'm so bummed.
Three of my plans got cancelled today 
turns out i lost the nano clone contest 
: i apologize in advance for the shit load of laundry u'll have tmrw 
Just updated to OS 3.0 and I'm mad that mms doesn't work 
 I just ate sushi and it made me miss you.
Are you still coming around here on Warped Tour?
I didn't get a &quot;thanks for clarification&quot;.
Lol!
Oooh I just got new songs!
Too bad my iPod is brokenish.
in so much pain 
 system overload, plus exposition park has poor service for Tmo/Verizon/AT&amp;T.
Only one of my friends could call out 
 Were you able to download the software, cause I wasn't.
I kept getting some kind of error 
 I'm right behind you.
Don't get my iphone until July 31.
Have to smog and register the Jeep 1st.
I haven't run in a while because I have been sick and the weather has sucked.
Let's hope for better weather and a...
 Not so good..
in soo much pain from the gym...
Yours?
Nevermind.
Shes mean.
 you gotten a letter yet?
or is it still kind of up in the air?
I'm missing my MacBook !!!
1 week without him !
I wanna party in the kitchen with my LP's team !!!
Drinking, dancing &amp; being crazy !!!
Testing the router at the office.
Seems to be work ok.
Now I am wondering if it's the exchange or wiring.
  - is it the Xbox topic?
You need one!!!
Waiting in line at the pharmacy at longs.
Longest line ever 
Well Scott got home from work only to have to leave for his Board Meeting.
Plus he's working Fathers Day!
I feel bad for him &amp; miss ...
 Ugh.
I hate the feeling  my day kinda just got worst, but hopfully the night brings somethig better.
 well I'm outta ideas 
 i am hitting you up!
call me, Im in sister mode!
Need!
boredddddd :$ i wna go back to school  xxxx
Someone recording the Fox Business interview?
I'm at work.
 I am, indeed.
I try to do it twice js&amp;php.
Invalid data sucks.
Wooo, heading down to crescent beach with  to spend a lovely sunny afternoon down there.
Wish I had shorts 
 i almost bought a bullpen hat today, but thought i might look too douchey  i feel like all the possibilities are me somehow 
 Nah, just a nasty nasty cold.
have a really bad case of pinkeye.
i want to take out said eyeball and soak it in a glass of ice water.
doctors appt tomorrow 
My god this day has been so gay i feel like i havent seen colton in 4542284552452 years 
They've reopened some streets, lotsa Laker fans still wandering, but where'd the hot dog stands go??
Absolutely LOVING the Stereo Bluetooth addition to iPhone OS 3.0.
Too bad it cuts out when the phone goes into standby.
 yup monday and tuesday  some ppl are done on friday!!!
ooh how i wish my exams were sooner!!
summmeeerrr i can smell it 
being bored!!
 Soooo not impressive 
..in St.
Louie with babe...@ the hotel...6 more hours til our destination in the morning!
No more caffeine pills for me 
 I've had my Ham Sammich vinyl since yesterday morning, and I've only had the chance to listen to it once.
Shiny toy guns are playing lawrence, ks on my birthday.
according to bud light we cannot have summer unless we are drinking their beer but i dont drink so i guess i cant have summer 
So, I need a new topic!
Awesome.
Mother eff..I'm at work till 11 and can't enjoy iPhone 3.0 on my broke ass phone yet 
Leaving Bali today  so sad
Fuck you, Splendour 2nd lineup.
at least I saw Sigur Ros last year.
Take that bitches!
I want to go see Architecture in Helsinki but.
 Hey stranger  how r u, lol just saw your update  real sorry about you losing your work 
I hate IE!
so many annoying problems!
 with mine, it was just an abandoned egg.
And omg, that is so sad.
Aw.....*tears*
 I can leave work any time but I came in to take care of stuff.
I cant stay too late as well, i'm beat  when do you want to meet?
Missed my ministry meeting 
Thought I was feelin better but I quess I was wrong lying dwn....uggghhhh I hate being sick 
Shitshitshit I have just made a very stupid and disorganized error that will cost us a bunch of money.
 i wish i had free boobs  (manboobs dont count, i dont want them)
might not be able to go tonight.
i dont have a ride.
i missed out on seeing blur do a secret rehersal tonight &amp;will also miss there gig on saturday.it makes me so sad 
 LOL.
I had the same msg about the app for over 17s I think its Shazam...
can't download updates app store wont work for me!
 the link isn't working, I can't sign the petition 
ouch..invisalign is no joke 
PIT to ATL to CLT.
Slooooowly due to storms.
Flights delayed.
i'll tweet to remmember   Wth.
all my notes since september are unreadable.
lmao they have lyrics written over them and happy faces
 so mad!
I missed them 
It is over one hundred degrees and i am seriously dying with no ac in my car!
oh great.
it appears that with the Safari 4.0 final we're back to Safari starting a chain reaction of app lockups...
I am VERY sad that I do not have Beyonce Tix this year - man...
   What's wrong?
Watching Michael get on that plane was by far one of the hardest things I have ever had to do.
 That's true  it's a totally misfortune that whole cancer situation..
30secondstomars 30secondstomars 30secondstomars
 super fab.
Sorry to hear your not feeling well 
Grrrr!
Youtube has been really slow and most videos I go to watch won't load.
My internet is PERFECT but youtube isn't  Anyone else same?
the bad thing about staying home is when i wake up, no heater is on and theres no one to make me breakfast 
to day was the last day of school  im gonna miss all my friends i love them to death!!!!!!
Boy oh boy, was taught an expensive and painful lesson...
I never want an allergic skin reaction ever AGAIN 
 awww  feel better love don't stress too much keep your head up &amp; try to stay positive *hug*
I'm missing my MacBook !!!
1 week without him !
UCF library till it closes 
Just had to rip up one of my Buffalo Wild Wings shirts for cleaning..I miss that place 
mmmm....
chicken fried chicken sounds good right now.
don't think I'll make cfsclub, though 
Need sleep...
So tired...
But at work, so napping will hav to wait til at least 2pm 
update complete, now tinkering with the new settings.
but i don't think the new OS fixed my glitch  iPhone
i HATE when people don't text back!
ugh.
uughh,.
nothing to do!
Oh yesss, ;) I freakin' wish I was there!
You guys are all having a scallywaggin' time without me, 
I believe  U just showed your true face !!!
LOL U R the true face  and language of the Islamic Republic regime !!!
I need to start checking my schedule  1.5 hours early
: were so domestic now!
How was it?
I was going 2 make lasagna, ricotta was bad.
Trying to feel a little less hopeless 
 why would you need pdanet if you can use your 3G tether.
As for me, it looks like my EDGE tethering is screwed and gone then 
 I'm sad  I went to State College and Scranton...I want free 5* how does that rate 
 He won't be looking like that for too long when he has to give Wieters the ball back 
 oh no   i will def go on i-tunes and listen to it before purchase - i usually love her stuff!!!
how are you??
ahh, i have to pack  but i got a new phone and my permit, (: yayyy!
Ok now I'm finally going to get going....
Started a diet today, kinda sucks in a way..
At work hardly working.
Someone should come visit me.
Kinda lonely.
Excited for Missy's wedding this weekend in Austin and then spending time with my family back home!
Bye bye LBK!
*tear* 
1st dc without   sad
my ipod head sets are all tangled up 
 break a leg, i can't make it out to the show.
too broke 
Hella bored at the house all alone 
well my day off is over so it's off to bed for my regulation five hours sleep before work 
 aww, that sucks  I need to stay more up to date on my TH news :'( how were they?
did you like them?
 fret not!
i'm here haha, sorry my dad kicked me off the computer 
 on our way now!!!...i gotta find our bathin suits though 
Good morning.
I finally have a fever to go along with my colds.
Might have to skip rehearsals tonight.
This sucls!
 plumpie was just prowling on your desk...
it was cute!!!
i wish she would come hang wtih  me...
...
still sick  needing lve
 I don't have an iPhone, I have a touch  I was just wondering cause I want to get it but I need more monies in the Itunes store
 Nope not even a tracking number for shipping still in progress  but I know the plane landed and should ship in 5hours.
 It's not healthy  *pats head* if ur feeling so dead already
 aw...
looks like im either gonna have to go G1 or 3GS next month then 
I don't want to leave my house while it's pouring down rain.
I am at work  Thinking about how much i have to do when i get home!
why is nobody hiring??
going to make smores on my gas stove &lt;3
 Damn man, Wish i could do something to help, I Don't like seeing friends like this 
jump in and have fun skinny jeans and a tang top are the best bathin suit i ever damn owned!
Dyls last day @ the falls tmrrw 
 ya boy terrence nawww I wish tulisa was on this 
oh crickey, beware there is a big difference between unpeak/offpeak broadband and normal plans, now I'm on 72kbps with Beagle 
 im starvin i could eat a bloody horse  x
 no.
i was on monday and tues.
morning, came home tuesday afternoon.
short trip.
not enough time 
Eating at yucatan with  jon and Igor.
Someones missing 
 I do love it to death, but you and a coworker are my only friends there!
No one else wants to share awesome links wif me 
Fucking headache ttm, and I can't seem to be sleeping though I got home close to 5 yesterday.
- 
i'm so tired 
 Agreed LOL i think my mum was high or something 
tickly cough.
time for a whisky toddy then back to bed!!
up at 6  Ear plugs fitted tomorrow!
Pretty sure I failed my first actual Phlebotomy test  epic fail.
Hmm, fell asleep at 5pm.
had dinner meeting at 6pm,  now 1:43am and feel wide awake...
Grr, what coffee &amp; an hour of sleep will do 
No more iPhone 3.0 exclusivity  .
 I'm going to listen to  and call it a day on this couch!
Agh  my paint shop is GONE!
-_- now I gotta find another one.
says hey guys, just got in from the pub last exam friday!
then byebye KGV   whats happen guuyyys
 woah woah we gotta go that far????
It's by last night in Vegas.
Hoping to go out with a bang.
Seeing my third Cirque show tonight - Ka.
Have only heard rave reviews.
 hiii hunni!!
let me know if you still need girls, i JUST saw the email!
hehehe
NOW I HAVE TO RELIVE MY 9SEC WITH TRAVE  HAHAHA AND 4MIN W CARLOS HAHAHAHA!
 that's the thing...
i'm gone basically all summer and also NO RIDING.
 - u could eat that???
i cant eat noodles or rice 
sitting thinking about the love of my love and how i would do anything for them to just give me one chance 
man andy's truck messed up so who knows when i'll see him 
Sooo hungry..
but not going to eat anything..
its 12.45am...
and its too hot..
but I got tons of email to reply to and write 
Kickball @ 7:30pm LCP!
I won't be playing cause I'm sick  but I'll be there for support!
Hah
The babe got in a car accident  I'm scared
 too bad Chrome for mac is not yet available 
 was closin luv  going to see it 2moro morning at 10 with emma n purv, claire sed she might if she gets up.
U wanna join?
is really sad cos i want  's album but is broke &amp; cant find a good free version of it online!!
I have no more books to read 
 I wonder if Jason shaves his head &amp; starts handing out flowers?
Its bad enough he's gone celibate...no  more nude scenes 
clean but broken car...
sadness.
stog break 
is chilling out and i have no clue what to do 
no followers 
Totally not getting to Prawn today 
I feel like no one in this house is ever happy.
 don't even say that!
 I miss you too my sweet prince, need ya so much 
 Yeah, I know.
At least 3.0 is a huge jump forward in usability.
I just wish my 3G had a better camera in it 
 Thank you sir.
No Gen Con for me sadly.
 That sucks.
Ranting can be a way to release stress.
*huggles*
Watching Edward Scissorhands    *tears stream down face* its so sad!!
FUCK!
PEARL JAM FINALLY SOLD OUT 
Well..
I guess I have more motivation.
I need to lose like 26lbs to do a tandem skydive jump..
Not going to happen before my birthday.
Found a sick bird in the front yard  Poor little guy
i have a major headache 
Damn this rain, it doesn't seem to want to go away!
wah 
 i miss you too.
the 2 uk shows you're doing are no where near me.
please come here soon
well tireddd 
I'm finally done my art project!
But I still have the exam tomorrow 
Everybody just went home.
And I'm still here.
 i want to hear it 
I miss the spice girls  SPICE UP YOUR LIFE!
I might watch their movie for old times sake..
90's were the best thanks!
she doesn't love me anymore..
 I heard that feature won't be available until late summer.
Ew jacob lives right by Hyles Anderson College ugh i hate recollecting these memories 
 Bah, that's too long 
 I am really mad about all those hate comments.
People think they know you and know what your about, they don't.
ilu though.
 oohh god!
why?
I can't wait for michigan..but I don't want it to be july 
Me thinks  should help me drive his kids 6 hrs to Duluth next week.
I shall have no phone either.
Don't be emotional Leah, you hate the douche nozzles smart one!!!!!
Rose is so stubborn!!!!!!!!
God, Help us!!!!!!!!!!!
What a day.
Mortgage lenders just seem intent on making life as hard as possible for the humble broker 
Landed in CO, but stuck on the plane b/c there is another plane at our gate still  Let me out of here!!
im sick of Excel 
Call me a dreamer...but I do believe...and I do get scared when I read news about North Korea 
Dear Mr President by pink touch me everytime i listen to it 
i want a pink apple laptop 
Finally home but my head hurts too much to even be happy about it.
sometimes..life isn't fair 
 ya u did, but I got the JoBros tix b4 Archie's tour was announced, so sadly, I didnt  hopefully he'll have another tour!
*Yawn* Some days I wish I am far away from school.
Mostly on PE days, but I cant tell off the PE teacher.
That sucks...
Heading to chinatown for eats after work...i deserve it after the asshole i dealed with today 
I'm sooo mad I missed the Grand Opening party @ Annex!
(that was the highlight of my day grrr)
Having a rough couple of days   Really miss HM
I have a metallic taste in my mouth  One of my PSP's I ordered has been delayed.
summer `09 :] ...
miss mikey 
I hate hot weather.
I liked the wet gloomy weatherrr 
 Holly, I loveee you, is the GND gonna still be on since Kendra's gone?
well, im now moving to antarctica...
 I haven't had a chance to read details, nothing but technical problems working from home today.
 Don't go getting sick!
Hates not having money 
When it rains it poors...I wish I could go to the Demi Lovato Concert   .....Anyone want to go w/ me AUG 21st in Hershey Pa
Quick shot or Quad Camera doesn't seem to be supported in the iphone 3.0 update.
i wish my calender worked, its totally bumming me out and making me feel unorganized and forgetful 
Hot and humid, man its a bad one 2day 
 we are both pathetic and sick.
Just let me get home!!!
anyone know of any good websites to buy tapers and plugs?
The one i bought from last seems to have gone offline 
Just landed in Baltimore I miss Nashville already 
 yup!
well...going to a wedding and then visiting my BFF before he redeploys 
Roadtrip without the boy  so sad...
going to TN...
even more sad
hello new anipals....Im not feeling the best-I have a swollen bottom lip...must get better soon 
 How are you Gail?
Still suffering from jetlag I read.
my Mac crashed.
stopped by Apple store.
tons of other mac peeps down too.
 Mail did not come today.
Juast had dinner...Lovely night to watch Finding Nemo, Just wish I had that movie 
everyones going crazy over the iphone new software being released today!
Haha, what about poor lil iPod Touch?
I need to do lots of work tomorrow  jealous of joely meeting George Michael :O so cool..
Interesting place too ;) carpark...
subtle lol
Ah.
.
.
Im bored at my house.
i need to get out of this house.
.
.
Help!!!!!
why can't I have a twitter application on my blackberry?
i hate storms 
agh all my songs got deleted on my iphone  i had to update it &gt;:O
Trying my hand at fishing again...recap: last time my reel broke off and flew into the lake...now its storming  just not meant to happen
 Hopefully it will show up.
I heard it bounce, but I didn't see where.
 funneee!!
i wish my kitty ate with me at the table 
this day turned out horrible.
feels like he's wasted so much time tonight...
and perhaps in the last 10 years of his life  God...
is my drinking ban over yet?
 i would offer you somewhere to stay, cause i'm in east london - alas, we have no spare rooms for the mo 
working out kicked my butt!!!
thank goodness i'm done psyche...a whole other hour of pilates up next!
 this whole thing is really confusing 
Why is my Internet down  smh
ugh i hate bad news....or well horrible news.
  i can honestly say i dont use my phone that much, now a macbookpro awwww yeeaah!
$10 to upgrade ipod touch 
 a tv icon retires  probably good timing tho.
Tv is a scary place right now.
 nah solo for reals when u being that talent 2 south africa??!!wanna c u kill the stage w/ a t.o.n.y performance 
dinner with the gang..
matt's last night 
 demaisss!
How gay.
I can't get the new FlatOut Ultimate Carnage.
7900 or higher.
How Fucking gay.
TheVenomInside.
 ok so my mom just gave me a huge lecture bout how I can't ruin my body as long as I'm under her roof.
 I know.
it's ok though, I know that you wanted to but can't.
Lol.
 metric came to az about a year ago or so, but only to a 21+ bar  and I think they also played at edge fest last year.
 Love it, though despite clearing cache I cannot collect or send gifts 
 last song then I'm off to bed!
1am here now 
 fine.
have a case of scratchy throat though.
been coughing for like 15 mins.
Nope, I thought my twitter device problem was solved guess not.
Apparently merging mutated versions of the same codebase is a non-trivial problem 
mmh , ice breakers candy is good !
i'm trying to save up to shop but i just gave up this weeks allowance cuz i owed my sister money 
Updating to iPhone OS 3.0, but the 3GS upgrade will wait til February.
BTW, best features of 3GS are the camera, compass, and tethering..
 It was a $90 ticket.
Really doesnt want to go to work right now 
Also used &quot;copy and paste&quot; for last post that actually works very nicely...
Though my phone case makes marking edges difficult 
Ok, to all who have EVER , I am SO sorry, something is &quot;fuzzy&quot; with my Twitter, just saw a bunch of replies I never saw before 
so tired of this morning,afternoon and even sickness....im so scared to eat 
I'm tired of never getting phone calls from my friends and family...tired of fb taking the place of one-on-one conversations.
still up and still working 
wendys coffee toffee twisted frostys are yummmyyy.
and it's only been 2 hours and 15 minutes and my nail polish has been messed up.
Its soo fun to have drinks with friends,however, it is so not fun to cater to the hangover that awaits the following day 
Btw,  I'm still not feeling the squarespace love.
 oh no!
god i know what thats like.
I fall.
Alot.
Are you ok?
Your phone warranty should be fine as long its not wet
 good run, sorry about the bug.
using the mouse too much gave my right hand massive cramps.
 Awwwww  Feel better dude!
That sucks..
being an &quot;old&quot; Irish Dancer is rough on the body
twitter has been neglected for too long....
i'm ill 
 That's no good at all!
OOMG.
miss you tweet 
I have a headache 
  tough one with gas prices going up too.
The weather is so ugly today, RAIN RAIN GO AWAY!!
 I don't really like it 
 go green for Iran freedom!
It's just a token of support for the people of Iran...
not much else we can do 
i miss my friends  i wanna go to school!!
 i don't like thunderstorms!
just let me hide!
 i know  how will you ever see me now.
DJ Quik @ house of blues this saturday.
I NEVER thought I would say this about a quik concert, but I do not want.
 dude $30 is a deal try paying $600 to clean the yard 
Holy shit theres way too many great video games coming out soon.
My wallet is going to take a major beating 
 Red oak beer sounds good...
 ok I think very brief &amp; a lot of ppl had left   the crew et al are already over at the rogersmith.
who just followed me?
it won't show me who.
ouch my eye is all red cuz i got shampoo in it  )-: dumb shampoo...
  My work got us the table.
I don't beleive honkin was involved.
9 more days til my bday...disneyland has been put on hold.
my damn car needs to get fixed.
I wanna go shopping already!
   awwwww i really hate this.
 well that makes me feel better although I only have an ipod touch.
I don't have an iphone, so i figured maybe that was it 
My phone is down to two battery bars 
 Nah, I didn't go.
I didn't know about it until last night and I had to work today.
Couldn't get there in time!
 I can't message you back since you are not following me.
Have a friend setting up proxies for Iranians to use.
 not yet but a bunch more ppl I know did so it's likely next week or the week after  so if you need any help Im volunteering.
 Great song,shame they didn't release it 
my boyfriend thinks im faaat 
Just had Mickey D's.
De-lish!
About 2 play with lil man.
Good luck to my honey 2nite...
gona b djing!
Wish i could be there.
having an upper respitory infection sucks!
Tweetdeck just crashed  back to faithful Tweetie - loving the copy/paste and updated SMS, much better!
damnn !
first hit of the game...
no more no hitter 
This is one of those days that makes me wish I had an iPhone...
if only it weren't for the ridiculously expensive Vodafone contract 
 - Theres missing a blonde head on set!
But that really a nice pic(:
I have rowdy farms tan!
all i want to do is eat junk food but i can't let myself give in    
OMG storms!
I'm afraid of thunderstorms 
My knee hurts.
I keep forgetting how I spell my username 
 ur so hard to reach!!
only if I'd reply...
 cassie and michael jeser  sad to see them go.
Im soooooo tired of this morning,afternoon and evening sickness.....im scared to eat 
I kno a big huge meanie  
 Seriously?
I really really like that song.
I was just listening to it.
I'm sorry though 
got up on the wrong side of the bed and has been in a foul mood ever since 
I'm sad, but trying not to be.
Thankful for work, because in 3 days I won't be able to do what I used to every day...
haven't been feelin any tweetlove from my tweeps today  today was a fail....
I miss my Bf~ 
Welcome back me.
i dislocated my knee 
$$$ flying out the window of a car that won't run...
i missed adam lambert's live chat on comcast because of work.
i hate being responsible 
 how's your revision coming along?
i am so dead.
don't think i have enough time to complete everything 
Straightening my hair!
How is it nearly 6 already?
Aww haww 
 doesn't love me.
I called her today &amp; she didn't answer.
OMG this uworld is so exhausting 
 aww  would you like to dm about it?
I won't tell anyone &lt;3
 I've entered every contest I can...
but to no avail...
My DH lost his job 6 months ago and I can't make it to blogher 
 there you go that is what she said lol but yeah im done cause i sure used it alot 
That's it.
Done.
Feel...
weird.
I'm going to miss the characters a great deal.
Even Baltar.
 a come to school tomorrow!!
we missed you!!
feel better!!!
Has to go to some dreadful and pointless gathering this afternoon.
 lol.
comps, non-transferable.
I think I have a pimp suite though...that may sway me.
 oh no...you better check that out carefully...if you dont get it fixed no more jumpstart for a while 
ok ok no more horseplaying.
back to studying.
I am so wishing I was at the No Doubt concert right now 
trying to rewatch some Degrassi but the thingy isn't working 
iPod Touch OS 3 upgrade doesn't available in Indonesian AppleStore yet 
Back from Dr--said Judy can start walking again (little bit) She's happy so I'm happy.
Gotta fix dinner now.
Need some rest.
Work 2morrow 
ONLY HAS ONE FOLLOWER 
still at work 
good morning!!
i wish i could skip working today 
Saw this at the mall just now.
I guess that's how Disney makes its money 
 I have to take mark to our friends house for vegas hunny.
No one is talking to me.
iPhoners interested in upgrade details call *639# for personalized msg.
Me - not eligible for discount price until 12/17.
 who's the other guy ?
Why is single ladies always used it bets  after joes attempts I feel a little ashamed to do it :/
 i'll pay you to play 'illusion's' tonight lol..but you don't remember how to play it 
Not long now...
I m sick as a dog, I hate it 
 and   Sad  after reading about both of you losing a cherished companion  
 Aww  You got a deadline?
OMG i cant believe what i just read they are going to shut down an elementry school in glendora  how sad hopefully it isnt stanton.
Fuck Cheaters.
Michaels A WAYY Better Boyfriend...But Sadly Im Grounded 
missed yoga 
 I know but at least your going to attempt.
I wish I could go with you to K Lounge that night 
 dude, i wish i could make it  an acoustic show of yours is going to be awesome!
hopefully i'll see you sometime next year!
:]
 i miss you.
why have i still not eaten dinner!?
headed back to Chicago 
Seeing that the 24&quot; iMac ordered for my Dad is dispatched.
Shame I can't get over to set it up for him for a few weeks 
aww fuck the gracie academy called while i was in class 
Really missing SOTP 
So so sick!
hopefully I feel better soon!
 Your avatar looks like he wants to eat mine.
;)
I wish this gathering was inside.
 You ARE awesome!
I love you, Hayley, you're very special to me...
please answer me, say just &quot;hi&quot; 
 Thats right.
I forgot about the flu that is going around.
 i see it but for me and Caine would be 140.00 each way...
cant quite swing that for a one day show 
want LVATT PEOPLEEEEE NOWWW!
WANT TO HEAR THE SONGS!
my throat is fucked up.
it keeps cracking so stupid 
Someone come over and bring me food.
There's none whatsoever in my house.
 ouch!
hope You didn't hurt Your precious mouth or tongue.
IS EXCITED..Gonna see the BF in 2 daaaaaays!
I haven't seen him in 10 days 
 Bring back Joanne please 
  dude...
its worse with a seven year old and a five yr old who think jack in the ass toys rule the damned world!
all this...
being aunt of two..made me think..
I'm getting older  oh well!?
:/
 i wish 
Feeling like crap today!
Kind of just woke up.
.
.
I can haz no sick 
im sittin here wishing my hair would grow  i only hsve one more chemo to go!
fck my little bro victor kim comment on his channel  
 well i have to get talking to my rents about funds now that im the big 21  i feel old so hopeful soon
lethtweetup I'm not feeling well.
My supper isn't agreeing with me.
I might not make it tonight.
dont want 2 go 2 leave the beach on saturday!!!!
leaving stinks 
I DON'T KNOW HOW TO SPEAK ENGLISH 
is not reaaally feeling very well  i miss him  !
alot.
hates the idea of a whole day of study 
 that leaves me out 
 I want a piece of cake!
Bake me one  And your business card looks really good!
i haves a tummy ache 
OH i am so sleepy @ 6:51p....Oh no i'm missing Wheel of Fortune!!!!!
studying for exams 
 Aw, that's sad.
If a live action DB movie is gonna be made, it should at least come from Japan.
That's what I think anyway.
just lost to st mirren in the scottish cup 5th round  leonnie thing about the snake made me lol
watching last nights RHONJ on DVR.
sending out a newsletter to cxl tomorrow's Saratoga Mama picnic because of rain  boo
 I have to go now  *hugs* Im gonna miss you *looking so sad*
Havin a brew with Boscoe.
What a long week.
7 straight days of work left to go.
 Oh that's too bad  Do you think Pinta and Envy are worth it and unique enough?
 well stupid airports anyhow im sorry leave 
 yeah i could dig it.
who doesn't hate losing at lease you didn't reject a handshake cause you lost.
Shame on King James.
is working hard to get his lovely abs back..
im so sorry I cheated on with many in&amp;out outings..
I miss u..
I want u back 
 im sure i'll do something in the next day or two that will set them off and even though theyve done worse, i'll be the bad guy.
 if I could!!
 - ...the closest thing to Ketchup chips I've found in the cali 
uhh idk if this is a good thing AT ALL.
 but mms won't work for a couple months 
 Yes, yes I am.
 I know, I hate it 
Wow didn't mow the lawn cuz I thought the mower was broke mom comes home the mower isn't broken I get in trouble for not mowing the lawn 
No housewives tonight  DVR kept skipping.
Spending my night painting my nails Barbie pink for Graduation!
yeah but neither of you wrote back to me   
 oh gosh  I hope he's alright.
Stay calm mommy!
 - what he doesn't know is he's about to get violated by a thermometer 
 is that the official schudule or are they gonna be adding dates?
*no Chicago* 
trying to start my summer reading but the website won't let me do it  oh wellll
  nao  -qqq
we take 2 steps fwd n 3 steps back.
Back in the ICU again.
 yeaaaa.
Ckuz I think that's what it did just now  it died &amp; it said I need to plug it up !
Rain never let up  now to hop on the trainer
 i donated on the site...and i didnt even get a code  thats ok though im gonna bring more to the concert.
GREAT PICS by the way
This weekend I ate at Mansetti's and the 5-8 Grill.
Mansetti's was pretty good - experience at 5-8 not so good though.
 exactly...
Feel sympathy for me...
sad face...
Oh, dream trip, why do you elude me?
I will never end up in Australia.
 A phlegmy throat 
wants to meet mark, tom and travis   
Oooh!
Gots Star Rubies in teh mails today!
I wants to eat them but primate iz gonna stick them in Bastet's belly, prolly.
I put La Roux on my work stereo system and someone asked &quot;What is all this screeching?&quot; 
Archives?
What?
When?
Where?
PAL?
 i love that place!!!
n im hungry...
 you were by far the best set at bonnaroo!
i wish i had known you were playing rockNroll hotel (DC); now it's sold out 
 It won't download for me either.
So lame!
 aw  wtf at twitter for not sending me that text.
I just got I'D'd to see a rated R movie 
I've been so lazy the past week or so!
...
Just woke up from a long nap!
I have to go!!!
NOOOOOO!!!
I'll tweet u later!
  You AND SCOTTY are on this tour!!!!
IM SO JEALOUS..
I WANNA BE THERE TOO.
has a tummy ache - great 
Didn't make it to the parade.
My car has many booboos.
Sorry boys!
 I can't DM u since u r not following me...very hurt   Let us know when would b a good time 2 to talk to you about your party
 I can't download 1 vs 100  Would this be related to the Marketplace issues?
theres like nobody in lit, everyone went to learn about salvador dali or some shit...and my hair is terible 
ugh, almost overslept, now I don't have time to do anything, and that last tweet was *not* the one I wanted to leave up all day 
Havent tweeted much lately.
Im behind in a few projects and it sucks.
 I checked and didn't see it 
omg.
i making a bg nd bored 
 NONONO.
thankfully.
maybe for a couple days to a week though.
we just finished re-building our delaware beach house.
 who u tellin.
I Feel like death.
going backk home tomorrow.
Headache slowly getting worse.
wth day is over, should be better.
Still thinking of heading downtown or for a run...in the crazy heat.
 hot damn i miss you!
my bestie left me today for south carolina...sad day 
This is like so not fair * wines like baby.
 me too!
I've been feeling horrible about it...but better than writing when I'm not inspired.
Someone please put up season 5 episode 2 of Kathy's show, I really wanna see it, I'd buy it on Itunes but need an american account 
 It is unfair.
Other states e.g.
CT seem more family friendly, and at least reimburse for child care for the day.
Twilight 309 
back from a sexy night with sexy people.
ergh doctors early tomorrow 
 lol.
funny but not.....lmao
 we font have any 
 how awesome of you!
My aunt had it &amp; had a double mastectomy...
I had a form of cancer too &amp; now I can't have babies 
work here i come  yuck
I need sleep but I can't sleep!
  I should send you a &quot;thinking of you&quot; card.
It wud prolly get there sooner than another rep!
LOL  
I am wondering why Ryan Seacrest isn't following David Cook or Adam Lambert.
Interesting that I cannot find them in his following.
 you got tickets to 
 Me too 
troptraditions@ I have been using TTCO for over 6 years!!
The best!!!
Waiting with baited breath for next coupon...missed last one.
anyone wanna hangout with me after regents for the next two days?
cause sadly I have nothing to do 
 Will you please grab my broom and UPS it back to 45069?
Thanks!
 i have a bad tummy ache too  
  they never let us have overtime 
my jukebox broke down the other day..so i have no way of listing to my records  oh well ill buy me a record player in a few monhts
 ;ets do something with monikaaah and Val!
we never ended up doing anyting!
i was so exited!
call me!
&lt;3
sis and kids r wet n cold at hershey 
in amcs break room ..
sometimes i wish i never worked here  master lin is leaving ..
good luck kevin &lt;/3
my foooooooooot huuuurts.
OW!!
 that isn't mine.
I was retweeting Ginger_Swan.
The DH would NEVER let me have a cat.
peterfacinelli
Someone please put up season 5 episode 2 of Kathy Griffins show, I really wanna see it, I'd buy it on Itunes but need an american account 
Gordon was doing well around the apartment, but then he sprayed Christine's bag.
at dinner w.
kayla and my mommy!
(: i miss iann  text me !
  alex i love ya!
nick n_n  i love ya too and brian i love ya too and howie i love ya too and kevin i miss you  BSB
I don't feel so well 
 - per koha at sla2009 - I did a 1/2 day workshop on open source software - including Koha - but that's all I know of 
 oh not sure if we have that in Hawaii 
i dont care that its only 1am im going to bed :/ (i do care really  i wanna stay up)
My network is randomly disconnected.
And I want to know why 
Why do I have 9 followers?
There are only 8 followers no matter how I count them.
WHY?
There is a ghost follower......
No!
 of july 
 Okay, that was messed up....Darn keypad on my laptop, fat fingered the return key  anyway - nice to hear common sense 
In hell for the next 5 hrs 
tired restless...
promoting all day for the view lounge 
aw you aussies must be gutted now that nkotb have cancelled their tour  sucks to be you
Good bye Mr.
Pena all Argentina will miss you  Cago fuego el Pena, todo mal 
 nothing, i mowed the grass, and jeff is cooking out AGAIN!!
its so nice out, wish u were here 
 have fun 
 - the closest thing to Ketchup Chips i've found in Cali 
 me-&gt;library-&gt;App Support-&gt;Firefox is the thing to get rid of yeah?
It still does nothing 
meu iPhone ta crashing depois do update.
3.0 on iPhone still can't spell...
 , LOL im still sick too !
Back to the studio for another long night.
Gotta get it done!
home changing up my profile pic again and again lol i just cant decide 
sound died on my computer...
fuck  this computer is going to die before I get a replacement 
Omg I fell asleep.
Now I'll be up all night.
About to watch my daughter graduate from 5th grade....crazy and sad at the same time 
 im jealous  I want hippies to hit on me!
feels sad...
I think I'm not ready yet 
 I think they're good at delivering to businesses, but lousy at residential, but I don't get to choose who the shipper uses.
Aww man, now Philly's Best is out of Tasty Kakes!
*double sadness*
Uh oh, that girl Deenadooda whatever shouldn't have tweeted her number.
ONTD will give her a nervous breakdown.
 Oh, no!
That's how my current illness started.
I hope you don't have the same thing.
Miserable for 3 days.
 You're alive!
These limited updates are like rainbows...
quick and gone...
 there is no  !!!
And the repair is setting me back over a grand 
just ateeee.
so tired 
 i want a bumble-bee cupcake 
 me toooooo 
just had a breakdown for 3 minutes...just realized how far iowa is...AGAIN!
Wahoo.
Nearly there.
Updating podcasts then outta here.
Yeehaaa!
Off to work we come.
Yay!!!!!!!!!!
 im sorry  thank u
 The link doesn't work.
But if Yorkies are not on that list it's completely bogus!
 eh most of the time they are.
i just asked her and she said no  but that doesnt mean shes not gonna change her mind..
haha
Last day in art class  I am weeping
 I really hope that you are not a cubs fan because that would make me very very sad 
cheghad bad ke pashimun shodam 
 the navigation ball stopped working properly.
 ah!
Perhaps 3G S is softer..
or it was a very mcuh deliberate change 
 You never answered me that other time that I asked if you know  in real life  I still wanna know!
 haha LOL where the hell u been I've been IM'in u chica I know U GET EM 
time to run if im ever going to lose some weight.
UGH 
missing my boyfriend 
 hey, me and you both 
bored out of my mind 
Test Of English tomorrow 
 I have too much to do 2day.
Me n Todd r goin away for the wkend so I won't b on here for 3 days!!!!
UGH!
Imagine what I miss 
Noooo batteries almost dead and still have 2 hours of work left.
 dudeee i kinda miss youuu we need to talk 
Just tried downloading pics from old camera's memory card and computer isn't reading it, says there is no program to match 
 awww  i live kind of close so i can go down as much as i want (after i get a job &amp; car haha) now its only w/ the family
 i wont be coming back anytime soon  im jobless at the moment
  Yup, the photo came through fine and displayed as a popup.
Its still backing up though, so can't respond.
is missing her boyfriend  [Class @ 9:40am then Work @ 6pm]
It's a long wait for Friday and the iPhone OS 3.0 Quickpwn Jailbreaking release.
Packing sucks!
I'm about to go check out the new place i'll be staying at for 2months.
I swear.
I'm Always moving!!
I have no home 
cleaned house, paid some bills, and now....
ICECREAM!
I wish 
seriously fml.
eff-em-el.
 monika is going to maryland this saturday  but i wanna see my sisters keeper at the movies...
we can do that.!
I'm wishing I was in the U.K.
with Jessie......
 I'm jealous you're done I have 5 more days I'm so gay 
 have your tried ?
They've got a gorgeous ivory gown but I can't link it.
don't know how.
Need a book to get lost in my thoughts.
I wish i hadn't read that.
Damn Kevin.
....ugggggh 2 down, 3 to go.
k wtf, science final WHY?
time to hit the science textbook &lt;/3
No more school!
But 2 exams  oh hell cant it just be all over!
??
 Vanilla was not there but a polo was.
There was no black pug!
 sorry 
Foolish Games has taken on a whole new meaning to me and I don't like it 
 My ipod touch broke  Gotta get a new one 
 going good.
I have a day off from work, and wanted to go for a ride, but hasn't stopped raining all morning  see my link?
OMG trying to updating apps and the App Store is fucking slow 
Is talking to DeJa !..
And your not my bestfriend anymore 
So AT&amp;T cnt kp up wit all the tweets I rcv via txt msg so I hv 2 tk a break!
I am so UPSET!
wut am I gonna do bout keepn up wit my peeps?
 lol that reminds me of every time ill say i gonna make a video tomorrow nd i dont 
Hey Bitches.
Haven't been on During the show  SORRY 
Home from work.
Exhausted.
Can't sleep.
In again at 6am..
missing the beach 
 Arg!
I missed you!
 my husband had his first (and I think only ever) slurpee last weekend...
he said it gave him a sugar headache 
 madmex margaritas without you last night 
 it's a long story..basically, i don't want to talk about it.
sorry
I sound like a bowl of rice crispies every time I move, snap, crackle, and all sorts of popping.
 Team Gucci + Juiceman.
I suggest you leave Jeezy and join me.
And lol I can't wait to watch that link...I can't on Kicky 
 i can't find you'll new single on itunes  its really sad
 po' po' jeff   you hang in there baby...
 The reality of book publishing is there are many months between end of writing and final printed book on bookshelf 
bogusss.!
 I have been using TTCO for over 6 years!!
The best!!!
Waiting with baited breath for next coupon...missed last one.
:: Just got back from a long day in Detroit --- getting really sick now 
 really?
My bff is talking about piercings...
Reminds me how I wish I never did my piko 
so tired and knowi have to take medicine 
 Nope.
Just interrupted Jeopardy a bit ago.
Tornado warning in Wayne, Holmes and Stark counties.
 Yeah, I didn't think it was a conflict  Oh well!!!
I want ice cream but my fatness is telling me to hold off.
 im going and you like me dont you?
who dont you like c'mon spit it out!
i would update to 3.0 but do i wanna pay?
   that makes me sad.......I like when you judge
its 1am and i cant sleep 
I am finally on for frikin 15 minutes and Jasper isn't.
studying for the math exam is killing me, fml @!#@$#^$%&amp; 
Why do all the hot guys at the gym have to be straight...
Talking to a hot boy, then he starts talking about the hot chicks 
 hmm Yep, they'll find a way won't they.
I might have to go back to Winmobile just for tethering, which just works outta the box.
The site will still be updated sparingly until my laptop is back.
Should only be a few more days hopefully 
   no no me habre tu blog, what's Up?????
Had an awesome day with Grace, Hunter, and Mark!!
I'm sad though that Halee and Britt leave on Saturday and Kyela on Sunday 
 you think you might have tapes left after the tour?
i have to be stuck on the 20th so i can't make it 
is waiting for George Shrinks to be over so the munchkins can be sent to bed!
*yawns* I still have 6 loads of laundry to fold.
 I would, but you didn't provide a link 
 I got your DMs btw..
it's just that there's nothing I can do..
i'm so sorry 
Playing WoW I feel addicted to it 
i watched terminator salvation for the 3rd time.
i just want to fill the void left by Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles.
 awwww!
You know the minute I saw Tysons my heart jumped then I kept reading and it sank 
Listening to beautiful classical music.
Getting my butt kicked in cards.
 hues what I let my keys in my car 
What am I gonna do without my Gabriel the next couple days!?!?
He's gonna be in mexico so doubt he gets any reception.
sad times
I want to color.
But i don't have any good coloring books.
 Optus is the most affordable but I can't say their coverage and quality of 3G is much good.
Cause it stinks 
I want my car  Been in the shop for 3 days.
What will I do for work tomorrow.
Take the bus or cab?
:-\ I need to buy another car for ME
 i have my biology exam tomorrow that im gunna fail, wish me luck lol?
 Aha, I'm all better now as of today!
Kinda..
I forgot to bring my medicine with me.
I wasted all last week 
Stupid traffic!
I should have exited crow canyon 
 It's raining here.
I was outside sniffing for my bunnies and I got soaked 
Will see him friday ...
Missing him loads 
I did 18,500 last month.
I thought I had a record.
 smh.
awww poor baby 
I think  blocked me LOL!
Sitting at parish council 
Cancelled plans to make other plans then those plans got cancelled and now no one can do the original plans.
- 
 damn that hurt 
Did'nt want to hear that answer, ouch....that hurts 
 tis not funny...I'm scared to go out now...
Dear comfy ass BED, &quot;I don't give u the tiiime u deserve from me...this is somethin I kno, I kno, I kno&quot; 
is seriously wondering what is wrong with his skin.
More white spots daily.
Just got homee.
So much fun in the car&lt;3 but im gna miss u   hahaha ohhh lynn
 haha it's embarasing  all the guys mock me when i pull up someone's driveway
 kids aren't my excuse  ..
I think Up is for kids?
I heard its really good ..
like only second to Wall-E ..
which I loved!
oi vey...
sick poley bears really put a damper on beautiful days 
 thanks bobby!
i rambled  Oh well, more to come
Still boring in AZ..
really need a hobby or a work from home job or something.
Haven't been this bored since I was teenager.
HELP!!
 I didn't  can u send me the link
There are some very obnoxiously drunk cub fans on the train...
Must be drinking away their sorrows 
 i miss you too!!!
hope ur well, tooo.
indeed...dateness after the 12th...telephone lovin soon!
 I have the same issues with channels 7 &amp; 9.
Getting a new antenna installed tomorrow.
$$$ = 
Cancelled plans to make other plans then those plans got cancelled and now no one can do the original plans.
chillin at the crib wit the lil girl only got a week n a half left wit lil mama 
Yard sale is over, for now.
No one came 
 yes taylor  idk why though..sry she didnt de-follow emily.
my mistake..but yeah somethings going on..
taylor+miley=bff!
wtf
Standing in line to see Silent Bob at Carnegie Hall with Adam Brody - not as dreamy in real life as he is on screen 
  tell her to use aim text or msn text, or there is a website for texting too!
I daresay Apple enjoy making it extremely difficult to go from OS3.0 down to OS2.2.1 
Late again 
Summers are not the same without your bestie  I miss you Bre!!
 I cannot DM you 
 i thought it was gonna be me n chrisette 4ever...then she went n got all skinny on me.
 thanks for helping with my secret mission.
Too bad it failed tonight!
it just means I will have to involve a few more ppl
jonas-turnright is beautiful and the guitars with the violins are kinda sad   love it.
Went up to my attic today and found all sorts of weird stuff.
No savings bonds yet  an expired check from a dead relative.
Too bad.
is not ready to let her little one grow up.
 3.5 RC1 has killed my TwitterFox, in beta 99 it was going fine.
 Maybe i will!
I totally fell in love with The Academy Is...!
haha You have great music taste!
x) Really?!
That sucks!
 Apparently they have blocked any kind of streaming sites here @ work, even after hours, so I can't listen to your show.
I miss you, I miss the person you were, I miss all the great moments we lived together , gosh you hit me hard  sad moment now
 ...
wow, how's our ZZ?
hope he's doing good!
i miss him already 
Bug bites have mutated.
Deep red purplish color now   Venom spreading eeekkkk
 even then I have a hard time going  is it really over?
Movies!
Without Sarah and Brett 
 Felt same way about some negotiations task force members, not smart to learn on the job, cost SAG actors way too much 
@ ryan's house, sitting in the driveway....noone is home 
 oh.
Wack.
I got it on my bold.
Plays old stuff.
Can't even search 
 Yah....still no mother.........(thanks for the,wait for it....wait for it.....wai..t....
spoiler!) 
Work has taken me away from  mtg tonight 
 Oui oui!
OMFGZ SHIT, FIRE.
FIRE!
FIREEEE!
 I have been crawling into work for as long as I can make it.
Sadly new employee did not work out 
but now, i have my dumb online economics meeting for the next hour, when i could be at smallgroup with my biffles 
Bad day  again...
 my brother got him to comment on his channel 
  what's up?
 No GSD for you either eh?
 I would miss the fun and nice weather 
aww, poor robyn.
she got deleted.
Away to bed, have 5 hours 'til I have to get upp  Fingers crossed for tomorrow though..
Xx
bad thing bout being sick-even for a day-all the housework piles up round you &amp;when you're better you've actually gotta deal with it.
BOO 
Xbox Live has been jacked up all day.
No MtG for me.
seriously, 
 Then I guess I'll be on time!!
But I will have to stop when the wife comes home, she's leaving for Seatle tomorrow 
how is everyone liking the OS 3.0 update?
I haven't been home to download it yet 
 Yeah  It's all grannies fault!
Our house isn't ready for ppl!
 how cum now it says 200,000 nd smthing fllowers?
Yuu cant loose peter Yuuu just CANT!
And ii wants teh back of that chair 
 I'm going to tomorrow!
Unfortunately, I had to mow my lawn tonight!
 Got my Sydney concert tix today.
But I will keep in my NKOTB scrapbook with my one from 92.
 well i can sorta play the saw...
i can make it sing, but im afraid so far its a bit tone deaf XP and it bit me earlier 
i hope satan's asshole isn't too busy!
i haven't seen my brother in over 2 weeks  c'mon court date!
 I'll try!
But by the time I'm back, Jamaica'll be waiting for you 
Aagh...
I'm bald now 
 done told me what?!
We haven't even talked since before my phone got jacked.
 I've been on the waiting list ever since Google acquired GrandCentral :/ I wish I would've signed up just a day before that!
 I remember that movie, the ending was sad 
I don't wanna go to work tomorrow!
Yuck!
Two open to closes in one week suck!
Blazing hot!
@ graduation.
My sunflowers are drooping   I'm gonna miss these seniors
 - THAT is not Kevin the hedgehog!
Why you gotta front Rick?
can i Just say...no fucking wayy..I have to try these tomorrow!
I wish I lived ere' now 
my throat hurts 
going to cuba in 3 days !!
i miss every one !!
&lt;3
Okay, now I'm concerned for my sister.
Tree down on our road and she's trying to get home.
Of course I had to be sick yesterday  Feeling A LOT better tho!
Ugh I'm tired and I just want to go home!!
I miss my babies 
  I can't wait to see yall tomorrow!
sans Harold though 
 - I miss this too  mostly because i wasnt there.....and i don't know these people...hmmm.....hahah
watching chopped....wishing i was a chef 
ok so wipeout and sytycd is on at the same time um I will just flip back and forth we don't have a dvr anymore 
Tax is so complex 
, and that was getting me hungry.....
but no food.
not a good thing.-End transmission*
 have a good flight 2 Chicago.
I already miss u...
Have fun and God be with you.
LOVE YOU!
Love, Dad 
 thanks hun, I hope he starts feeling better soon but it looks unlikely  they said not much time left 
Bored, Abbey playing peek a boo &amp; doesn't want me to play  rejected by a 1 year old
Has lupis and could use a visit from the doctor 
im on the computer and texting at the same time.
while i hear the weather say there is a tornado somewhere north of me.
i'm home sick  but at least exams are over now XD
 just a tad bit over the top 
 you are the amazing one!
and im trying to get ahold of you right now but your not talking to me.
SAD DAY!!
i so want go on xbox live i have left my controll pads at me m8s house  going have get them tomoz
no awkwardness pleaseee.
and let it end soon!!
Now i remember those mOmO's 
 ha, nicee, mine was preordered, so i got it monday.
im excited, im going to their tour this summer on july 18.
sadly no demi tix 
 and u didnt come see me !
i got to talk to carlos&lt;3 but then we lost the call i was so mad 
 only in small 
 got ur DM but ur not following, hence, i cannot reply 
Tweetdeck without mobypicture  - 
&quot;Other half&quot; had to choose tonight to check your posts on Twitter.
Not my best move 
I have looked at other people's updates and they have about 1000 and they haveb't had theirs as long as me and I don't even have 200!
so PUMPED for VEGAS!!!
I wish you could come  LOOOOOVE YOU!
Waaaaaaah!
Everyone is talking about dinner.
I'm stuck at work, hungry.
Leaving to Colorado for a while, goodbye Texas 
 NOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!
IM HAVING JULEZ WITHDRAWALS!!!!!!!!!
but that's fair!
im otw to MW!
on myScooter!
wooot woooot!
lmao
Need a car part and another new windshield .
.
.
*long sigh*
on saturday, i'm go to yasmin harmoni for graduation....
hiks....
hiks...
 now it's my turn to need hugs  and prescription painkillers.
Wishing work was crazy busy!!
But it's not 
 it's supposed to help mamacita, just try to relax though  big headaches suck.
warm showers also help!
 hope doesn't that mean you can't stand me to?
Hi I'm afraid I'm going to find my garage flooded when I get home from dinner.
 the office feels empty without you 
 im sooo sick  i hate it!
at the chessecake factory i know its really trashy 
 $140 milton doesn't go as far as it used to.
/Truer words have not been spoken.
beach volleyball game!?!
rain kinda takes the fun out of it 
  I agree, I need some, I'm soooo far behind on tag making  
The baby has a temperature 
 No.
Does your twitter hate my twitter or something?
In the theater for 'Hangover' with Jayney!
My contacts are freaking out, though.
Tummy ache  probably gonna go to swim team practice since employees are allowed to and I need to swim another 500 on saturday 
im really think i need a boyfriend, im like really lonely 
reovering from more dental work..I hope it is all worth it in the end 
Such a looooong stressful weekend...
can't believe I survived it...
Time to RELAX!
But so sad to be alone 
is missing you  gabby angel
  Darn it!
feels incomplete..
Something's missing in my life and I just don't know what it is.
Wow!
I need a side home...
damn im hungry n theres nothing to cook 
A LOT 4 test in 5 five, I think I'm crazy!!
All this sucks.
And I lost Adams 
argh, iphone 3.0 update went smooth except for the fact that Mail kept crashing.
restore time.
 nooooooooooo its wrong!!
you're still saying it's funnier than me!!
no more jokes for you cheryldine!!
*blows raspberrys* xx
R is getting worse  woke up with a tummy ache &amp; still not wanting any milk nor food.
I miss my lil mischievious boy.
ugh im going to cry.
i have to erase my ipod and sync it up to my laptop 
Just realized that I worked all day today to buy the groceries tonight.
Pissed cause my other account got deleted 
Continually getting Error# 16824 when trying to install TweetDeck update 
Just missed the train by a few secs.
Hassle!
 you got yours back, and mines being sent away to get fixed tommorow 
 they are a HIGH second of course ..
I used to have a Bo-sox hat but it got lost 
 - Awww, poor sick bebe  I hope she feels better soon.
i can't upload pics from my blackberry to twitpic 
i've got Prove that people change   ; ahh what a Bummer !
My son fell and got stitches in his knee.
He's going to be okay, though.
is so angry that all of her mail boxes keep disappearing!
Some things can't be done through email!
argh the wifi on my phone won't work anymore :@ and my cough is so bad tonight i can't sleep cause of it 
So I was supposed to sleep but my brother called =D I haven't laughed so much in ages!!
Miss him so much  it's just not fair!!!
 I so wanna take you out for your birthday right now.....do it up right and spoil you for the night...
keeping up with the kardashians over  wat will i do  without ur antics!
i miss u guys!@KourtneyKardash  
Watching the replacements!
I f'in love this movie.
Wish my throat wasn't swollen shut...
 Yeah till the middle of July  then I'm moving back to Chicago!!!
U?????
  i hope you get well soon.
  k see you tomorrow when i can!
 I don t have LVATT  but i love &quot;FLY WITH ME&quot; I think this song is very deep and beautiful.
i think someone put a spell on JesseTheJeep 
 Well, I got Shake To Delete working but it wanted to prompt me.
Shake To Shuffle didn't do anything for me.
iPhoneOS30
BAD NEWS, REALY BAD NEWS 
feeling a little light headed...wanna go home 
Just One day to go...
as much as i wish i'm wrong about this...
its not looking good for  -Where's the passion you guys???
 I know....
You did a Casper on us.....
Jeremy is annoying.
Why am I stuck living in the same house as him 
 The comments on that post are so full of hate, bigotry, and ignorance.
Had some Inn and Out for lunch today.
It was so good, but now my tummy's not feeling too good...
 waaaay amazing  i just wish she would go on tour in toronto so i could watch 
btw school people,  am not at school today because i have suspected glandular fever 
Brother in-laws can be very annoying 
 - Pic of note i wrote to crush girl.
I threw it at her, she just threw it back without reading it.
 yeah, i liked maria way better  thats always a possibility but with all that make up their eyes must be soo heavy
 noooo  bcuz i have to be in atl
Looks like its just you and me full bowl of mac and cheese.
im pathetic.
Stupid parents.
long day at work, no water in the cistern, and no-one to cook supper 
 I am sorry.
*nosetap* and love to you.
 naawwww i got it straight away  i can't be cool :'(
  I'm in Western NC, and it was Inside Edition, not Access Hollywood...
devastated...
george and martha isn't on...
 It was a painless procedure!
Yay!
I did not get a chance to take any pics though 
Work again.
Ahhh.
Boooo power outages...I never realized how much I heart electricity...I am superrrrrrrrrrr bored!!
I stillll sound like a maannn  and I have a bruise from idk what
I'm commuting to school with my driver today!
Can't bring my laptop!
Dang!
I just heard the starting theme song to Corner Gas in the other room!
Sounds like  is watching without me!
This work day/week is going by so slowly...boo 
saw of somebody again 
oh this isn't helping at all 
its STILL updating!
PLEASE DONT CALL or TXT ME!!!
ur makin it take longer 
Is watching the Orioles play the Mets on television.
No Adam Jones bobblehead for me 
 Indeed there are.
Not fucking sure what happened.
They WERE on my Mac and now they've vanished 
My nose is pealing 
Have to be up in 3 hours.
No ice cream today 
 I know  ever since I turned twitter updates off on my phone, we have.
Watching sytycd, but can't tweet because I'm editing my revisions from today.
I'm a naughty, naughty writer.
AND I missed my hair appt.
 thats exactly what my mom did to me  it'll get better
Better go to sleep.
Gotta be up in 4 and a half hours for work  Damn you Kira for coming home late and making me want to give you a hug!
At coffeeeeeeeeeee.
Yardwork was fun-ish.
I got paint down my shirt, though.
got curry all over her work shirt!!
Putting together the entry form for &quot;Win a trip to Pompeii&quot;...unfortunately, I'm unable to enter  mvcomms
is gunnna misss dona like crazzzy !
no more math classs twitterrrr 
 you use AT&amp;T right?
I have a jailbroken iPhone I use on tmobile so I'm no help  sorry
really wishes she could not be stalked anymore.
getting old!
 can you also twitter the details please  stink...
bumped my knee on a bedpost.
Huge big bruise 
US App Store is worst !
Uh oh i think i broke the computer 
On Facebook.
Hoping the weather doesn't get to bad.
needs to relax...
My phones about to die 
And now I have a stomach flu.
Fucking spectacular 
 Aww, I'm sick today.
Sucks doesn't it.
 you don't know that?
Really?
fuck, im stupid.
i has a safty pin in my mouth..
and it stabbed into the roof of my mouth.
going to the airport soon..
 I can halp?
  I'm crying, I love my phone!
On the 20th episode.
Only four more then I'm dine 
 Sounds like you're having a bad travel day.
  so if you see him live you'll always imagine him rollin around in a wheelchair?
Awful lol
i do not like having a sore throat.
not at allllll.
 my dh hasnt taken me to a hotel in 7 years 
spelled weird wrong in her last tweet.
@ cheesecake factory for kariannes 16th b-day...makes me miss all the fun cheesecake factory times w/ ppl from Pepp 
 I took the actual one about a week ago.
waiting to get my scores back for another week or two though, which is killing me 
Go to and the David forum.
And look at the hot topic.
i don't want to spread it any more.
 not 2 rain on ur parade or anything ...
but that &quot;Cera&quot; twitter doesn't happen 2 b real deal: - sorry 
is really annoyed that i LOST all the photo files 
I have a huge headache and its not even funny 
i feel so naked without a necklace 
 Yeah it was really sad.
My nephew went to school with her sons.
You can see the whole story here: 
 stupid boys!!
and brothers on top of thay.
I am going to have to live w/mine now.
waahh!
help me!
please!
So so so sad.
Hadn't even confirmed date of wedding with Shona 
i need to study more T_T i hate &quot;desenho geometrico&quot; hihi 
 - Ang I just realized we have no pictures together  we need to get on the ball
I hate it when airlines lie about arrival times 
 So is the party delayed then?
I already ate all the nuts.
Is thinking ubertwitter is fucked!!
Bberry's need a decent twitter app!
maybe I should make one........
 Ur background reeaally scares me 
Not feeling well.
I think I should stay home and not infect others at the PDX mindshare event 
she not showin me no love, no good 
 Love that so many are embracing it this year.
Sadly the hubs switched offices and it's not happening at the new office 
: i dunno if we can hang tomorrow.
i gots an ortho &amp; then visiting my uncle.
i'll be back at like, 9/10-ish.
 thanks =] i like talkin to u son, i'll do whatever takes to protect my cuzin.
I hate seein him feel down.
Its very sad 
 Did you not see the corrected version  I meant &quot;not&quot; coz all the majority of vitamins are in gelatin capsules
  any way to get soundcheck entrance to NJ show?
driving up from DC cause we sat in traffic during your set at nissan 
 Go to and the David forum.
And look at the hot topic.
i don't want to spread it any more.
power is back but husband is stuck in Oakland due to flooded roads and traffic jams 
 Davel I am hating you for posting all these vids, just as much as you're hating not being in Tokyo right now 
 I said the same thing about Verlander before last night's game.
Arg, I want an iPhone!
Twitter is so hard on this Sony Ericsson for me.
no more coffee ice cream at tully's  fb
Great!
The girl I'm supposed to be going to NY with in 3 weeks just backed out on me  what amd I supposed to do with a nonref.
Plane tic??
back from down town.
met some people I know but it wasnt that fun!
:/  no drinking cause I have work tomorrow.
I NEED to party!!
, awwww ( im sorrrry  are youu from tenessee?
hahaa I kinda creeped your tweeets lolll
At work but would rather be at home.
bad day
Sore from the dentist.
Didn't think it was going to be major....got the bad news once I already had the shots.
in science reall bored  making a skull.
i djust dont get it john!!
its like facebook status without pictures!!
I want to live in peace!!
Fact Im not Going To Work Today (I Hate My Job) 
ok girls...here's my update...i don't have as much time as you to get on here, but i try  forgive me OPALLA!!!
lots of luvs
 hey, hw did you get your pic to go green?
I can't figure out how to do it...
computer skillz fail 
apparently its about celebrities!!
i dont know any celebrities 
not feeling well need lotz of prayer depressed about something only god can understand but freaks me out at same time  just dont get it
FFS!
of all the sites I carnt view on my iPhone,wld never of thought would b 1 of them!
not happy,I wanted a new t shirt 
I hate that the one person i want to talk to most about last night is you.
But we don't ever talk anymore.
 not *that* much lower  but check it out on: I was also hoping they would have mms :-\
Taking the 3.0 plunge...
Loosing all my hacks and sounds 
b.e.a.u.tiful night for run...
wishing  could come with me.
 That had to be most unpleasant  Right now we are under a tornado watch.
So far so good.
I forgot to tell ya'll I was back!!!!
Ya'll didn't even worry bout me!!!!
The house is never clean.
 I can't...the Blackberry is a work perk so if I move to an iPhone they won't pay for my bills 
 Oh Dammit!
Woulda loved that!
Bummed I missed your call  R u still here?
AHH!
I missed the call with my Madrid itinerary, and when I called back, they had closed...9 minutes prior.
I have to call tomorrow 
 so like am i in the dog house?
or have just been kicked outta da yard period?
this is killin me 
misses darcy very much 
 oh no I cant make that unfortunately  we're SO busy preparing 4 the launch of ZooLoo that lunch time stuff is out 4 now.
Taking a cab to skl...
Its the first time 
i never believed in putting the lid down till today when my cat pushed my keys off the counter into the toilet 
wish i could sleep normal hours like most ppl its usually me,  &amp;  up all hours of the night.just me tonight 
Nov.20 new moon comes out!
I can't wait.
Jacob is way cuter than edward.
I miss my Eduardo 
 Why do you always have stalkers and a nigga can't even get one????
DAMN!
wants to go back to bed.
Pero hindi pwede e.
I'm hungry I demand to be fed!
I'm sick but no one will take care of me 
 awww miss you too 
OMG ....never eat &quot;fried pickle.&quot;  It's horrible.
Installing OS 3.0 right now.
Backup is taking HOURS.
I'm excited that  is a judge tonight on sytycd...but that means no krump either.....
Ughhh I dont feel good &amp; Im sitting here bored watching Juice.
Dang, all my friends leave for new york tonight 
 is the prob fixed?
apparently I can't get 3.0 for free for my ipod Touch- have to pay to get cut &amp; paste.
Boooo, Apple!
Got my hurr did!
Eew not used to my bangs  Vegas tomorrow!!!
 lol!
Too bad for cubby fans what a dissappointment 
I hate !
She hacked my account 
 you can in the UK!
Not in Australia though I don't think  They were my favourite lollies as a kid 
watched attack of the show.
i want to drive a go-cart obstacle course too 
 - visited a friend some years ago...
want to go there again and stay there 
Standing outside, being eaten alive by bugs.
My stomach!
Damn you Klondike bar!
*sigh* I am super tired!
Maybe one day I will be able to rest 
Almost done packing!
Finishin up to The Zutons' Valerie!
Then study 
made spanish chicken &amp; rice (arroz con pollo) for dinner &amp; mi madre made pico de gallo, but took it to some church gathering 
 Barriii i'm sorry i didn't see your tweet 2 days ago  It's been awhile since i've seen u, we should hang outtt.
 well, the Michael Cera u saw on e-news isn't the same guy (or girl?) tweeting: sorry 
Just got home and am gonna sleep now!
Gotta wake 5 hours later omg  - 
Could not get 3.0from iTunes due to serverproblems since hours 
Working out only made me grumpier about loss of all my contacts..
I am waiting for Bioshock script for tomorrow.
Wish I had my mom today....
Just about 17 years since she's gone....
Feels like im coughing up a lung, my chest hurts..i think im getting siick 
twitter has been getting pretty boring  thats sad (
So I found my pokemon crystal for gameboy color and it won't fit in my ds  sad day
went for a jog this morning...i am so fat!!
 - visited a friend some years ago...
want to go there again and stay 
it's currently raining in downtown Seattle....the 29 day streak without rain is over!
unless...
it's not raining at sea-tac.
 Yeah, that's why I only mentioned Nicole 
 that's awesome.
Same way I felt about my grandma.
I miss her a lot 
At bed rock city comics spending money i dont have 
 oh no!
More great things to come with age.
 oh no angela...
i feel your pain 
back from the pool.
but got hot again watering yard 
Ugh, Class tomorrow 
 lol and sorry about your shorts 
  ok thanks 
After the iPhone OS 3.0 update pretty much 1/2 of my apps are crashing  They were fine earlier, just started.
this was supposed to b a quick change.
WHY am i still debugging?
hmmm  i will not complain, not complain, not complain...pandora is good!
 oh no  damn that sux then again I started mid may lol don't worry u got this!!
It'll be finals b4 u know it - like me!!
Ahhhh
iTunes keeps crashing when I try to update to iPhone 3.0.
Super sad face!
Working out only made me grumpier about my loss of my contacts etc...
 attempting to anyway...I've had this block since me and Kathy finished take me in...and I can't shake it 
Haunted hike meeting, in the silver beaver roon...no signal 
doing nothing don t u just hate it when guys leave u heartbroken 
I'm soooo tired...
wish I didnt have to get up at 3:30 am....
SAD DAY   Can it be June 26th yet?????
SOOOO I'll take a little break and be back in a little while  I can't see  your tweets  soon tho very soon 
 why!!
I told u last night I wanted to see them!!!!
Just got back from Terminator 4 - Really enjoyed it, so need to wind down now.
iPhone went for 255 so wiping it and packing it away now 
 I'm kidding, ew I am going to miss you  , I'll be expecting my postcard ;D &amp; pic's (ahem) ;) LOL
So they said I was Dot, I don't want to be a bug 
Oh crap,never mind,I just forgot that this job isn't for me,this stinks  it's all commission based,wah wah
An 8 year old called in and requested birthday sex on 92.5 hahahaha.
He probably gets more vag than I do...over ruled 
I'm having little girl withdrawal.
I wish i could go to her party in July.
fUCK ME!
tHEY fUCKEd UP MY HAiR!
MY WEEKENd iSZ RUiNd!
My back hurts  I really need sumone to motivate me to go to the gyn!!!!
I wish my mom was with me now for her bday 
Optus will not provide Earl Grey.
Why?
 I am saddened that you don't want to make out with me.
 He's going to throw you over the rails...
 i'm bored.
&amp; lotsa things.
i have a tornado warning  im scared its flooooding like craaazy here
is in my editjrn classroom.
3 hour class.
  I think Randy/Kara are more annoying than Mary eg 
I want to go hooooome.
fb
I don't think sound tech is my calling - 8 people yelling at me at once.
  I 4get so easily lol
soo tired, need to catch up on zzz which aint gna happen until Saturday!
not off to a good start today, had to drop my wife at train station &amp; go back home to grab my wallet, &amp; then I left my lunch on the train 
 I WANT ONE 
Eating hurts 
ow, sunburn   what were we thinking?
Relaxin at home after a stressful doctor apt 
 awhhh  i will be attending warped tour for the first time this year..
is it crazy?
ive heard its crazy!
I hate when you see a bug and then you feel them crawling all over you  ugh.
GROSS gross gross.
Taking Mr.
Hopkins to the doctor in Lawton.
Poor kid.
 I have acrylic nails and drive a (small) suv  Do I get to keep my street cred for living in a 500 sqft apartment in a crappy area?
thought i could fly.
I was wrong  lol haha 
 tell me about it  I rarely get the scoops anymore.
summer class work 
  LoL my bad.
Just checked the evite now.
It sounds really fun!
But I'm going to a concert that night so I can't go 
Registering online for classes is such a hassle.
Transfering to North campus, sooo sad 
Grr woz so dead in work earlier ended up havin some choc cake sum1 brought in 
 Is it fun doing promo or are you just puttin on a happy face?
Damn me havin to eat- missed it 
Today was a day of %&amp;$&quot;$@ 
darn it!
Just lost satellite  No Celebrity tonight!
This has been a do nothing day  I hate when I fell unproductive.
It's 95 degrees out.
So nice to be inside at the computer / watching TV.
: My former plans to surprise you in boston flopped  but more surprises await!!
(maybe this time i'll ACTUALLY surprise you, hehe).
I AM SO TIRED 
I'm pretty sure my head is going to explode from all of the drinks I have to remember.
Two more days left...
cali went to doctor's today.
everything seems normal.
just high temp becuz of teething.
so sad.
she doesn't even smile 
 image not found.
My nephew's concerned about one of my dolls.
He thinks it's dead.
You gotta be kidding me...
Frys is STILL not shipping my order, after FOUR FREAKING DAYS!!!
I'll never buy anything there again 
 i'm driving!
hey guys feelin kinda down today...didnt get the job i was hoping for 
i will never go to tht nail salon again.
i had an appt.
at 3 but i didnt get to go until almost 4:30 and my nails dont even look tht good 
 My magazines haven't even been forwarded yet.
i am tired and i don't know why 
I miss matthew so much 
My dog is hurt.
It makes me want to cry.
Omgsh i have to give my parents 160 dollars for my new phone.
i dont wanna have to pay ***Zachdj***
 Aw, I'm sorry.
 I missed the beginning  looks like it was a great lab.
 I wanna watch with u guys 
Watching hannah montanna on my ipod, jbs episode, EAT MARSHMELLOW FRO BRO!
someone tweet me 
Amazing day but I has no voice 
 wish ya were here watchin hannah montanna with me!
I needa buy the series  x
crying makes me hurt all over: my eyes and my head and my stomach and my heart  .....
why when one fight happens does another always start
Sunburned and in pain   ...watching the yankees game.
JUpdating WoW patches tonight.
Currently on 3.0.8 
  Agreed.
Is bell doing the same thing that Telus is doing?
If so, we will have to wait until January 
Why do we feel so lonely sometimes even when we have lots of people around???
 haha, I didn't do it.
and why is work falling apart?
generally loves it when Miss Tatiana shares.
Not so much when Miss Tatiana shares her nasty respiratory infections 
Iphone/Ipod activation servers bite the dust.
If u haven't updated already, it will be tomorrow 
 those jerks denied you linkage.
 I have complained though, I really wanted front row centre tickets (never had that before ever) and I had them pretty much!
Hey  I gotz no audio on the live stream   (iphonelive live &gt; 
Longest day EVER @ wk was busy all 9 hrs!
So exhausted I could cry!
nonstop!
 come on AppStore Approval.
its been almost 18 hrs :p lol
Up at stupid o'clock in the morning thanks to My update for iPhone going splat  Had to do a full restore and sync 2,000 tracks back on 
i want to hug someone 
 guess I was wrong about the gig 
Feeding Audrey cereal....she is getting so big 
Having Problems with editing 
Just registered a twiiter username for a new service I want to launch, the original one I wanted has already gone 
N den on top of dat I still aint seen Hangova, so who wanna take me or @ least keep me company..
plz
I'M SO SICK OF SITTING HERE WASTING MY LIFE DOING NOTHING.
ARGH I feel like such a fatty mcfatty.
How do they expect me not to be upset when they treat me like this?
gud / bad day??
Its goin gud cuz i have da day off...its not so gud cuz im not feeling gud...i think im getten sick..
time to sleep, my legs killllll 
 It's doing that to me too.
 Dude it goes by faster than you think.
I had five pounds of gummi bears and they're gone now 
omg i done the sunbed n burnt my arse 
I'm abt to put another TheraFlu strip on my tongue.
I shld b sleep w/i the hr.
These cold symptoms shld b gone in time 4 Jide's funeral 
 o  is it a bad thing?
Someone please tell me I didn't just get a big green tattoo over my face that I can't get rid of?
I am actually quite pissed that my quad still hurts/is sore  if it doesn't feel better in like a weeeek I'm gonna be so sad haha
Hmmmm...thunder and lighting with a green backdrop, I am thinking massive t-storm with possible tornado.
Think I better power down 
Injury report: left hip and knee are aching, groin is sore, right shoulder strained, left elbow pains, and both wrists screwed up 
 Yeah.
pod of silence not so silent any more 
I miss my school 
Missing so you think you can dance 
Still can't believe I'm leaving my grandmothers...
And they go on to talk about how some girl is much better than her...
I wonder how she feels?
 THOMAS!
you need 2 tweet more!
it makes me sad when you dont  (
 I hope things calm down for you soon.
&lt;3
My dog just had a seizure..
I really miss my kitty clawing under the bathroom door when I am in the bathroom  RIP jade &lt;333
 awwww i miss you!!!!
Headache.
AGONYYYYY!
 I saw it on their site.
They're releasing it first in North America.
Parang ako.
WHAAAAAAT.
Aw man!
I glanced away for 2 seconds and missed Evan's flip!!
At the promo for The Proposal.
No Alamo Draft House this time.
 Sorry to hear that Babe.
I'm here if you wanna talk.
I Miss You..
Is Your Birthday Tomorrow...
And Im Not Going 
 yeah, I prefer &quot;website&quot; too, and also prefer real twitters: &quot;Cera&quot; doesn't happen to be one: 
The beep thingy in my watch has broken 
math homework and stuff for work..yippie 
Maybe I should have put up a sexier avatar 
 - Francis- this makes me sad..only because I look over many times to Kobe and think the same thing.
brand new is sold out 
Eating choco  noooo!
is lookin like a shlump!
might be stuck in portland forever 
...
pisarem em mim 
the tornadoes are tearing up kennywood 
Someone's name will be suspend...
I really wanna see Demi on tour now...
Hurts..
My poor insides.
Tired in pain..
A little starving.
 we mustve been in an old part the bathrooms were tiny and no fancy dryer!
I miss my boyfriend!
Ugh josh, why cant i drive yet?!
I wish I was able to go to the MMVA's on Sunday...
Taylor &amp;   are gonna be there!
So close, but so far away!
*cries*
 I'm tired of all ya'll talkin' about a movement without me.
hey  I think you get the dividend regardless what retailer you choose...
lucky tho, we get nada in SI  (@powershop)
 fuckers!!
noooooooo -stabs twitter- but...
:'(
gah kill me now.
i don't even really want this job.
Just had the most stressful day.
I need some &quot;me&quot; time asap otherwise I am going to explode.
Time for some meditation and tea.
I'm not getting txt updates!
  missed u last night at Kimmel.
winter in sydney with  and  last year 
I have a cold....
sooooooo anoying!!!
i hate sleeping when the sun is already up.
In the midst of 30 articles 
No surfing today, tides too high and way too sloppy 
 they're scared of me!
i think they might've been dropped on our road by someone.
poor traumatized puppies.
 no not yet.
We thought Spring and it has been pushed way back.
hired a wicked publicist though.
Look for info soon.
 gout attack.
Meds don't help at this point  so I'm stuck with a balloon foot until it subsides
 eff u for not saying me 
 OH - sorry on my phone it looked like it was a tweet LOLOLOL.
My bad.
I wish  would shut up 
 aaww don't be sad 
TIRED TIRED!
Sleepy time, work at 11am til 10pm  Night all.
xo
Please pray for me...my cousin is drivin like a crazy man and I'm scared 
 'Tis re: the pricing outrage.
Rogers 3G owners can't upgrade w/discount until 2 yrs, but 3G launched less than 1 year ago.
 DAMMIT!!!!!!!!
I wish I was there!!!!!
Its really hard to be responsible when a pool party is going on 
the creative part of my brain has temporarily shut down and when i was making a video to!
Miss you grandfather  
 try and talk to her 
 - im typing with one hand :'( it hurts so muchhh 
Kevin Smith's at Carnegie Hall tonight.
Oh I wish I had the time to go up there.
 your drinky WAAAAAAAY too much, dearie 
i have GOT to get a boyfriend this summer...i feel so alone...
Interview seemed to go well today...now the waiting game begins 
   sorry to have to rain on that parade.
Great match last night!
Kudos to the Iraqis defenders..
all TEN of them!
Lack of Torres' goal and Fabregas...
 thanks.
here in the states, we are missing mms 
I wish I looked as good as the transsexuals on the Ch4 documentary 
 well my sound is the only crappy thing so no new iphone for me.
Sorry to hear about yours, I'd HATEEE to lose everything on mine 
I am so jealous.
Everyone seems to be having so much fun and I am in bed with a busted leg.
Curse my leg.
Get better now 
finals start tomorow.
grr..
gotta do good to graduate.
hardly studied 
 you really are having a bad day  awhh!!!
  won't make it 2 my fav place to be every 1st &amp; 3rd Wed 2nite but every1 else should check it out!
How to repair bb trackball?
Mine can't scrolled down.
 i will be in Your concert ...
reply me 
 You need to change that forecast!
I have Friday off.
No rain, please.
I'm so sad!!
My grandfather has cancer.
And missing my nephew and niece.
Cant listen to SYTYCD live, working tonight like last week 
What a traffic!
  Damn K.
Rub it in why don't cha 
thinking what to wear??....im tired of standing an hour in the closet.
  tea with honey!
I feel fine, unfortunately.
 and yes that word.
 well sadly I'm find mistakes in my own unless my wife goes through it.
I don't mind his &quot;art&quot; that much.
the writing is BAD.
 oh no!
looks like possible wind, rain, and thunderstorms for saturday  We will have to think about a rain date.
hmm...
I reaaaaally hate being by myself when it storms like this...
 so your 1 of us too!!!!
i always thot u went to bed early chick.so annoying not bein able to sleep 
I can't believe the new apple software doesn't work on my phone 
Photo: looneynerd: Dang.
Im going on 930.
I post too much.
But YAY BRANDON!
Drove through the end of the rainbow tonight.
It was seriously weird but I didn't see Jesus like I expected...bummer 
not happy with twitter's decision to remove @ replies from people I don't follow.
Messes up my whole random followfriday gig I got going!
I'm behind listening to podcasts, including  ( and 's &quot;EXIF and Beyond&quot; ( 
 I'm having problems  my &quot;following&quot; page is not updating..?
I have to do a project about Argentina!
&amp; i don't know anything 
 I can only find albums, songs, itunes u, podcasts and audiobooks..
No movies nor tv-series..
another fight.
woke up with no eyes  and i have an activity later until saturday.
 oh no your human sick too?
who wants to hangout with me.
Please?!
My people cancelled their plans 
 Sorry.
It's kind of out of my price range.
But have fun!
 My work is the same way.
Missed beginning of SYTYCD  but caught middle of couple 1 (jive).
Good way to open show.
Just how tall is hostess Cat?!
: I I wish I had another chance.
The last supper  in Times Square 
 cheers mate.
you recovered?
my pain killers are coming out now...
Am awake and looking for a place to sleep in London 
Feeling pretty gross today.
My dad hijacked my computer...Crazier might be tomorow.
Sorry guys!
wishingg i was in new york at bendel's 
In campus all alone.
No one comes yet 
 omg did you see who People selected as Hottest Bachelor &amp; im pretty sure it's not Joe Jonas 
Mine is.
He started very supportive and took me to the 2nd TS even spend the night on the side walk.
6FT later  officially in concert t-o
 nothing bad just the ads are finally coming 
poor Sam Adams, the man can't catch a break!
i feel bad for him.
still at wk!!
sucks.....
but about to get out n pass out the invites of my baby shower!!
I'm off tomorrow!
But i won't be able to see patrick 
On my way to class...
I SOOOO dont wanna go...
 Where has Mr.
Noel been these past couple of days?
I'm missing Tales From The Middle of Nowhere already 
 Nm no gym today.
I have really bad cramps right now, FML!
In pain  plus, I gotta go to buena park in traffic.
Grrr.
Im feeling under the weather  ...
Took some medicine, lets see if that'll work.
more ranting!
I hate when I work hard on a painting and then I don't like it at the end 
 it can also be easily defeated by moving the keychain (can be done with ramdisk).
But you can get raw disk even easier.
 no  i wanted to but my mom already paid for the jb concert so...yea
awwwe.
i feel bad now, 
feels completly blindsided 
Sometimes...
Professinal Photographers are WAY to stuck up and B*tchy.
damn apple servers are being hammered by iphone os 3.0 downloaders!
i can't even connect!
  Thanks!
I needed that!
Actually had to go to a meeting!
Now gotta go look at more clothes!
Just spent a frustrating 3hrs getting 3.0.
Does anyone know how to get my apps back in line?
They are scattered across 11 pages 
TIRED TIRED!
Sleepy time, work at 11am til 10pm  Night all.
xo
 omg yea!
I missed you all as soon as I got on the train  I have attachment issues
 My coworkers make fun of me cause I have a new plant to replace the one I've killed in my office every 6 months  I empathize!
Realised in the shower that I haven't seen my little brother awake since Monday evening.
He's in the next room sleeping 
  no my iTunes won't download It
bored, at home..
exams tomorrow 
 that makes me super sad  anywayss where are you going?
Is now in bed feeling a bit lost and wants to listen to serre-moi  left my mac downstairs!
 Yeah.
I KNOW something's wrong with my setup but for the life of me I can't track it down.
 I use a Nokia E65, not too keen on it either, but it connects to literally everything but it's a slide, I hate it  lol
i need to stop sleeping  squarespace
 no, digital  though apparently I'm supposed to get a t-shirt?
did you get one?
 I tried, but I couldn't get any good pics on my cell phone 
Ugh.
Lost.
with less than an hour to work...
But at least i have gas now.
Almost stalled on the side of the freeway.
I need prayers ppl!
ONTD is broke!
Oh well, I don't want to waste my gas trying to stalk AC anyway...
 yes, girl!
On the 1 train from the Upper West.
He wasn't rly cleaned up and didn't look well.
She was holding him up.
Hey everyone...
I'm trying to redo the entire server, so it is currently down, and may be so for half a day.
Sorry 
ahhh so many exams!
studying for french     NEEEEEED HELP!
I want 100 followers  Haha, Im such a social butterfly.
No...i'm lonely 
out of API...
 OMG I feel the same way about qaf too!
too bad it lasted for 5 seasons only!and the ending was really good but depressing 
Missed my concert by a whole day.
I hate my life today.
laurs leaving in two days!!
i tried 2 twug Donnie last nite but he ran by 2 fast 
Not a very productive day 
TV just aint as good as it used to be....
iPhone 3.o Download timed out.
Trying again 
 That's not funny.
ahh  stuck at the store during the stormm!
on my way home now.
scared as fuck.
Another late night this time researching dissertation topics.
Don't think i'll have one for friday 
 aww, poor Eleanore  Hopefully Janet doesn't remember the buriel site.
 i do i do!
but cant cause i am in oregon 
&quot;needs&quot; the clothes cannot shop  can't take it anymore
just ran through the office - quads are not good - very springy...
 I'm so bad at assassinating people.
oh god just realised i am in Daycare ALL day tomorrow.
i will be shattered, they have some crazy kids in there!
 last exam on friday and no summer school for me (luckily!) aha.
though...i need to go in like every day next week for yearbook.
On the sofa watchin Most Shocking Videos on TruTV.
My back hurts.
are u gonna give me a massage?
Pretty pls w/sugar on top!
I hope it's a holiday today...i wanna SLEEP!!!
 DAAAMN!
hahahahhaahahaa!
Mann my transmission is out, the Pontiac is dyin!
 lol i'm having a y****** fit  and twitter sucks my willy
  I can't find that video Drew.
happybirthdaydrewryanscott
Accounting class....ughh 
Ok......
Im seriously burnt 
ahhh.
what a long day at work.
im so sleepy and hungry!!
 r u serious?!
Damn Im missin out   Its cool tho b/c Im havin fun at the UniverSOUL Circus!
 Good luck at the expo!!
I so wish I could have joined you   Woulda been a fun day to do what I love!
Just got home from work.
Resting....
went to doc today, still having headaches but they'll get better.....
fun times go too fast 
Red Stars are currently down 1-0 
Omg.
I have like no time left.
I go to hell in 6 days!!!!!!
Kill me now 
I'm sick  &amp; just started using twttr 
  it was jus a coincidence then LOL...
Cause I don't want no beef with u 
I Wish I could Fly to Delaware to Visit my Muffin  Never forget the first time she called me Veron.
 : I'm so sorry for your loss T  If you need anything, let me know.
 i'm sure there are tutorials out there.
i'd help but i won't get my new iphone until friday 
can't sleep  and i know i'm going to struggle in the a.m
  already up to 2 pages of 80s on king of knight....
Is there something going to be done about them???
only about 10% are legit.
 dang that sucks!
Just one month off 
 *hugs* looks like you've had a rough day, sorry 
my mom just made me straighten all her beautiful curly hair 
 so apparently the transformers thing is next week...and i wouldn't make it down to anaheim in time to be any fun at this point 
Kelly and I have nothing to do tonight!
studying for exams 
I think I'm getting sick 
Hey ya'll!
Wats up?
Haven't been on im a while 
 why thank u I am gonna miss all your juicy gossip from your show I leave early Saturday &amp; get back Monday 
 I wish!
Looks like we're a fully booked flight.
 i still got my highschool cap &amp; Gown and of course the recent college one but i can't seem 2 find my 8th grade one 
Has become addicted to fml and im doing homework 
 whats in new york in november (besides you!) cant remember if youve told me already!
shame we're not there the same time 
I have no idea how to tweet!!
  Welcome to etsytwitter!
And yep you have to add the tags one by one.
It sucks but that's the only way I know of.
urgh this is a bad crash - I can't even move the &quot;Slide to power off&quot; to restart it 
 na  its not that close n we don't have cars
  i'm sad this won't work.
would you fix it for me???
  But that tethering is just for the MAC  
I am hungry 
there's a huge bug in the kitchen but my cat is too lazy to catch it!!!
*sigh*  now I can't get my orange juice out of the fridge 
More cheery news--it's going to rain for the next five days 
 me too.
took S &amp; dog for a walk.....tough ,but good except 4 when another dog tried to attack us...that was fun 
My air horn failed  HAHA~
&quot;We could not complete your iTunes Store request.
The network connection timed out.
&quot; 
omg this storm needs to stop 
i wanna go home 
 Awwww, that sucks.
 I miss storms 
spin class today was like rocking out at cafe d'anvers.
oh how i miss it so 
Oh no!!
Time goes super fast!
have to get ready for my 8:45PM softball game yeah me 
I could be playing ultimate.
But instead I'm learning Spanish.
Well, the wife just sold her Ninja 250.
For the first time in several years we are a single-bike family again.
workin hard for a livin and studying hard at nite  -- good night to all and all a good night
after a long time...
i'm back..
my headset's broken  can't listen to radio properly..
 Isn't that the way it always happens?
Spend money...have to spend some more 
 That sucks   The best thing I can think of is...um, take the batteries out and be on alert for fire.
 Oh, I dunno.
I've seen a few women who actually mean stuff like that.
Who believe it.
It's sad.
Alone...
Out of school &amp; waiting for edgar 
 Mine isn't working 
i miss my brudder to much 
 I hope you feel better Dennis  vitamin c always works for me.
Goodluck!
 how r u ...
I can't find a coven 
  so devistated that there is no australia tour
 yeah, it's a b*tch.
although it was quite humid for me at 6 this morning    but you got out there &amp; did it!!!
 CANT FIND IT!!
i must be so out of shape...im short of breath from playing ddr.
 i want to go  please tell donnie im sorry i couldnt get words out!!!
his kiss felt amazing though...
is going to work 
Really sad.
Melted my favorite corkscrew while preheating the stove for homemade pizza.
writing thank you cards, I feel a writer's cramp comn soon.
but still thankful!
Didn't make it to sample sale today, too busy at work  Tomorrow is fw09 photoshoot, hopefully friday?!
Employee discount = my fave 2 words
My little babydoll is dying with hayfever and I cant be there to look after her 
 - sites like that can be such a pain in the ass  I hope ya get it all straightened out!
watching So U think U can dance w/ Alyssa waiting for my Mcflurry.
I no feel very well 
In front of a sex store with tech class of 2010.
Ew!!
I want to go to blockbuster now.
   just think cruise next year!
I am superrrrrrrrrrr cold 
 i can't update cos it's an unlocked phone...
  I have 2 give lunch a miss today..
I too have tons of stuff 2 do before expo on Sun plus need to finish 2 albums..sorry 
Vegas trip summary this far: car acting up  , room is nice!
View is bad (omg George Wallace!)
 I wishhjhh I miss you 
Eff.
My phone was dead.
I Still Missing You 
too bad i can't find her......
i'm not liking twitter already!
: i would go but its too far for me n the kids.
wont make it in time.
getting ready for a super early wake up call...4:30 a.m.
abercrombie cant be serious about shutting down all of the ruehls!!
where am i going to work while im in nova?!
Bored at home  should I go out?
 I just wanted to feel included....
 I miss you!
I dont get to see you much anymore 
aw.
back to work tomorrow 
wont be on the boat this weekend  guess i have to wait till my vacation on the 27th.
 aww look at mini sean.
I'm not close to a computer so i won't b able to upload one any time soon 
 lol!!!!!!!!not you everyone at my job!lol I love you,im mad at you yu dont love me anymore 
 so how you been babes?
dont tell me you completely abandoned the zune for the ipod 
 So sorry to hear   Get well soon!!
 Thanks - everyone is feeling better now except  
I adore when my computer is crazy slow..
It is true...
 I hate that i can't cheer you guys up.
I hope you 2 don't do the same thing.
That would kill me big time.
It was my bday yesterday and haven't heard from my___...gotta move on 
 UGGGGGGGGH great, they have like 50,000 followers!
i read the article, Jeff was only there for a back problem?!?!
 definitely good times.
i looked on the yl website and i can't do any of the remaining camps.
I love tybee island!
I don't want to go back to indiana 
studying for Psys final exam 
Ahh!!
What did I just do on DoA?!
WTB?!
Ante's are hard to find so no one will take me up on it anyway.
peterfacinelli peterfacinelli
back to work tomorrow   
 hahaha.
Take what?
You left us 
sittin here, waitin 4 sumthin 2 happen, i miss my sister  but i'm sure she'll have fun in dallas...without me 
 I hit reply instead of copying and only realised after I'd hit send.
Then I got distracted.
 They had goats in Bible Park a couple weeks ago, chomping around the perimeter.
Very cool.
Am listening to 2 mowers now.
 What is the CM?
The youtube got pulled from your link.
 kinda sad I didnt get a shout out 
my azn t.a.
yuanbo asked me to call him bob,  because i kept messing up his name...........
Do people ever meet people that no-one else they know knows anymore?
sociallynetworkedout 
so i went to swim team practice and now i am burnt 
On Cipro for 2 weeks  Thanks SWA 
 ill miss yall too  we have to party it up as much as possible before i go!!
i just spent, like, a full hour creepin' up on a bunny.
it turned out to be just a pile of horse poo.
wish i didnt have to move english classes.
i have no friends 
I washed my car today.
Too bad it took me an hour and a half  Next time I wont wait a year to do so.
 why can't you ship internationally?
We don't have stila in Indonesia 
a herniated disc in my lower back 
 There must be a date coming soon ..
I am getting really impatient ..
feels like it will never be released 
 Can you email her and tell her to call you?
That sucks.
Thinking of you and your hubby 
 NOPE  .
.
BUT YOOO EVERY THURSDAY @ PROMENADE !
LADIES FREE B4 1230 .
.
RSVP @ &quot;HONEYCOMBTHURSDAYS@GMAIL.COM&quot; .
.I BETTER SEE U BOO
Jealous that everyone will be finished uni today, with the exception of me.
Damn appendicitis.
trying to study..physics suck 
 ___i know...
but where?
This is a sexy template, if only it would work in EE immediately without my intervention.
 ah man I missed it 
 I give score updates you know......
Ah i'm going to miss texas nights!
 she didn't make it     wipeout
 me too  They don't deserve this.
and there's some reject tweeting all the major magazines about it.
I want to send...
 no thats just a tease 4 all of ur overseas fans weve only just go the NY version in HK 
 you're lucky.
i wanted to be at a paramore show too 
Got out of class a little early tonight.
I will be spending the rest of the night reading for my 'reading exam' tomorrow.
No fun 
  That's too bad.
We are taking I5 straight home.
I don't see any &quot;notifications&quot; submenu under settings.
What happened to my push notifications?
Wah....
 LD...
you might get your wish..
We will be moving the next 3 days in the rain..
Now THAT is fun!
great bike ride today!
Last sunny day for a while 
I am at home sick 
going to bed now...feeling sad 
Watching So You Think You Can Dance!!
Also-trying to ice my knee which is painfully swollen 
 why are you sad?
my bloodsugar is low  but im late for class..sigh.
Just heard some very depressing news ...
please PRAY for those who feel pain and sadness 
 That's too bad 
Seems as tho yesterday's Twitter maintenance caused a disruption to TweetLater replies.
What a drag, I have a FB link to share...
This summer break has been bogus so far because i dont have anything to do at all  I am still looking for a job
I have some delicious recipes I wanna make, but have no money to buy the ingredients.
Heard about 14 year old girl and 19 year old boyfriend.
How sad.
No one deserves to be murdered.
photoshoot cancelled    I'm totally gonna go outside and start punching raindrops in the face.
digitizing old home movies and tearing up 
  I wanted to have it by now!
Hey you been behaving right?!
omg.
can i withdraw from 4seasons and go home now?
damn sleepy.
there's no place to sit on train either.
- 
 sry!!!!!!!!
trying to figure out this darn twitter thing....
how do I set it to my cell???
oh....
technology baffles my mind sometimes 
New on here.....and soooooooo don't have a clue?!
lol!
Grrrrrrrr!
    he's gonna be on access again tomorrow, you need to find out when it'll be on for you  
 it's taken...
 quit being such a grouch!!
I have a headache &amp; no food to feed my young   Something's gotta give!
 me too!
Since this morning 
 i'm up for it!
i've been studying all day 
Power's out...no AC 
I am officially bored and there is nothin' to watch 
 Idk but it SUCKS!!!!!
gonna go take a shower and go to bed.
long day tmm...no wrestling shows tonight.
watched monday night raw and it was amazing!!
The last two days have been hell !
Seriously scared for my life.
I don't like living alone in storms like these!
Not having good luck at has stations....
 my bad.
my rap knowedge is not up to par anymore i did know method man ghostface killa and odb!
i feel silly 
I want to see JUANSON and SUSSIE4 
 that's FLIPPING cool man  i need a phone myself
crawling into a dark corner and hoping no one sees me.
Everyone can figure out their problems without me.
 That doesn't sound good.
What are the steroids for?
 I have this problem.
I can go to your cautionary tale about postcards, or I can go to game night.
 haven't done any photo shoots in about 2 months 
and i really wanted sushi too 
No internet at my house 
Watching 'So you think you can dance' makes me sad I ever gave it up 
My parade just got rained on.
Gonna play some [PROTOTYPE] to get my mind off of things.
Siblings annoy me and get me in trouble...
Why is this?
 How come you're not coming to New Zealand when you do your down under tour  ...Jordyn
 Why aren't you coming to the fair tour dates?
I love you and Demi, so I bought tickets for the tour but then I found out
 i'll give u a hug!
i need one too 
 I work the next 4 days, 8 hours each day.
No fun.
 I am lost.
Please help me find a good home.
Taking my Kia to permanently park it somewhere off our street.
I get confused switching back to it.
fiestamovement
down with the flu  my body's aching all over..
hope it's not anything serious.
 where in irvine?
im not off till 10 
Nothing in the mail 
 Sorry, just saw this, we can do more later.
I had to nick out for 10 minutes, a little local boy is missing in the bush 
the boy that i supposed that love me, love me friend.....
SOO angryy 
 oooh not a member  went to soccer instead...
did your talk go well?
You were presenting yes?
 whyy?!
aww then its okay..
are you sure theres not another way?
Wow.
I feel like I'm in a rain forest.
Cloudy skies, buckets of rain, lightning flashing.
Too bad we don't have cool tree frogs.
Very hard to watch Ghost Hunters and The Outersiders at the same time 
i hope i didnt do bad on my exams!
 Servers are full.
Your not alone.
:  My inner fangirl can't handle it if the follow up news is bad, too.
My meltdown will be legendary.
Epic even.
*sniffles*
 I didn't end up watching any last night haha will watch them later today, I'm getting my wisdom teeth out 
 we dont like it either.
I cant even get home.
 I'm sorry friend 
 come back
 Sweet!
I've been waiting for mine to red ring again too.
It seems to be inevitable.
So apparently Luke Wilson was shopping in the record store located below the place I work today.
Did I get to see him?
NOPE!
 No I left home this morning without plugging in.
Hate the fact that I can't sync my iphone with work comp as well 
that you weren't coming to that tour stop.
and I was really disappointed.
 awwww poor kya...
that sucks  do ya plan to get another pet later?
im a bad friend  ROFL i think im starving her !
HAHA !
and she has a massive headache too !
was crying 
 yay!
it will be cool to see it all come together.
i havent been to your house since new years.
boo 
Still feeling poorly  Boo 
Goth chicks there is a reason we do not get in the sun!!
Sunburnt 
SHUT UP FAGGOTS UPSTAIRS WHY DO YOU PLAY DRUMS 24/7 AND BUILD THINGS SO LOUDLY AND STEAL OUR HOT WATER ARGH ARGH 
 ill bring you mangos and watermelons for our last day together 
Lakers parade looked pretty cool.
Couldn't make it  but def celebrating tomorrow night!
 OH MY GOD 
 just having one of those days where I feel grossly ugly.
I need to hit the hay, it 1.30am, didnt even realise?
Aahhh Bak up in 6hrs, boo 
 yea, its best to retake it this year it goes up every year I think  It's weird how Q's work too - they're all weighted diff
i miss  eating withh mebrak makes me think of her 
yay it let me get oon im sooo tireddddd got bak at midnight stayed up till 2 woke up at noon  tzx mee
I think the cook at Carls Jr.
seasoned my burger with ipecac and a laxative 
Rainy day  catching up on episodes of NCIS (:
 won't let me moon anyone on 680.
Boooooo!
so i forgot my passsword for twitter and i can't log on till they send it to me.
Finally heading home from work so much for spin 
At Bat Mitzvah Lessons waiting for my turn  I hate this its so boring
 sorry to hear about all the bad stuff today!
Can't knit because of my injured thumb 
's body is aching to the max 
iPhone 3.0.
I want to upgrade, but I need to wait for unlock.
--fact : i never knew how to hop a fence...
so wen shit happened &amp; niggas used to run&amp;hop fences i always chilled like i wasnt scared.
I wish tweet deck would stop crashing 
Flight's delayed  But supposedly we'll get into LAX only 5 min later than scheduled!
OMG i hate severe weather.
Im scared, i just heard the tornado sirens and im heading into the closet with my blanket and my louis bag 
 That's a shame, especially if it was building up readers and you could see a bright future for it.
Happy for him, but   Another 'GH' Legacy Character on Another Soap: It's sad but true.
Wally Kurth, 
 ....
lucky you...
we still have the international management left...
 yes, please be safe...
Just got done emailing my baby..
Man i cant wait 2 see him again and have him here with me...
415-984-3524 phone complaint by Punksta: This dude got my girlfriend's number and keeps calling her 
 I wish I could be at the dallas show today, but like always no ride.
 me too.
I feel your pain..literally - they make me come early b/c it takes so long to numb me up  for us - i go again friday
Getting ready for Exams, Coming up later this week !
WISH ME LUCK , And for sure i wish all of you luck!
 As long as there are people on your server, other people will join.
It's a paradox, I know.
 i wanna go tho 
I kinda wish i didnt get twitter back on my phone bcoz im addicted 2 it again ..
..
I need 2 sleep ..
:L
.
I wish ..
Friday most def ...
My lil siter is graduating so I gotta goo !!
..
U gonna be in dere friday?
 Maybe that's the problem.
 man the phone is DOWN  I'm trying to get her up by friday
 It's nothing special without the hardware in the new phone.
Things just run a little bit faster.
 aww poor laptop   atleast you still have your PC?
or did it not break or something something?
re-Cleaning the room..
ankle is aching again.
And I wanted to do a leg workout tonight too.
 i tried 2 twug u last nite in Saratoga but u ran by 2 fast 
 oh noes 
 i need to go shopping 
 It's not ur fault!
I just hate my plans bein interupted 
 - of course you know that us Gen 1 users don't get full advantage  of the new O/S
Just drove past my fav sushi place and my stomach just punched itself in the face....
I miss u Toro Sushi....
 OMG!
Now I really wish I was going this year 
Broke my tongue ring 
working until close 
 ugh..i think it's not gonna count  stupid glitches!!
 I text u and forgot u didnt have ur cell.
I can't find White Chicks anywhere 
Just swallowed a bug.
My phones gonna die 
ughhh.
nickelodeon sucks.
i miss the rugrats 
im tired and want to take a nap but i cant when its hot out 
 me too 
Missed a good chat tonight 
Wishing I were in Haiti.
 i wish i could go..buuutt i dont know if i can make it  stop in tempe and get me!
haha
Bad weather makes me scared...
I want my new phone for me, I have now is the blackberry of my breast 
 yea it's getting a bit nuts.
 i tried to click the link but it dones't like me 
 I feel you..
I have business law at 1:30  going to diiieeeee
English final tomarrow.
I so aint ready.
We broke ONTD again 
Going home 
hey i was asked out by this gurl and i broke up wit her like 1 minute l8r and i feel really badddddd 
WTF, ONTD_P members, is LJ breaking for any of you?
WTF happened?
Why is LJ breaking?!
 LOL every1 does :p seriously dudde i had a interview w/ HARP yesterday  &amp;..Im a graduation speakr all da bad things happen 2 me
have just been told I'm out of time 
I thought my Buckyweat was great...
but Big brother didn't..
now i realise she looked more like Ribena 
has her new phone, but the battery is crap.
has to wait for a new one  oh well I can still flip it ooooo
 Awww  What you doin tomorrow night
My throat is still soooooo sore 
The hum in my left ear is bad tonight...
I'm so tired and dreading the drive home tomorrow.
Have a goood evening.
Sorry 
 at least you had the umbrella!
I came in from blue-skied Darlinghust with no expectation of rain 
 you too?!
whats going on in your families?!
haha.
Hey I cant hang out tomorrow or Saturday.
We have people staying with us 
we temporarily have one car.
this stinks.
 I didn't see you there 
In ICT...
School photos next  Need to do my hair!
tummy hurts 
 nope, all my attempts to leave this continent have been foiled.
 oh that's sad  hope u find him quickly.
Tweet u later x
  i love you even though you dont love me 
 Argh!
Such a shame to have that happen due to factors outside your control 
 I want to laugh too  but I didn't get it...
miest tweet?
it was the first piece i got when i became a raver..
given to me by the girl who took me to my first rave 
 hi my dear!
im freaking today 
YAWN.
twitter is shit 
Just left my old place of work!
I don't miss the place but I sure do miss the people!
my eyes are closing, I'll sleep here in front of computer 
 *gives a REALLY REALLY GINORMOUS hug* I'm sorry that boys suck.
 no heather ross fabric for either of us.
I tried 
roof is leakin bedroom is soaked findin somewhere to go 
Chugging along through my Women &amp; Crime homework for the week.
Not very happy about working all four shifts Saturday &amp; Sunday 
can someone help with photoshop (?) I edit horrible 
Can't wait to go on the rooooaadddtrrrriiippp BUT the question of the century is California or NY??
i need help 
 Hahaha sameee exept i dont have lots of people adding me on  facebook  ahah loveyou shaunnnny
 quebrou.
 Festival do Unfollow ahfdjkdfa 
 .
Never will I shut up about da iPhone I want the stupid thing even if its not gunna have mms 
 we didn't forget your gift set.
Your driver just called.
Technical difficulties.
Cust service will call u tomorrow.
 LOL I would but my phone is basic...
No apps...
my iPod will jus have to do.
One day I'll get on ur leavel ;)
 Your &quot;better&quot; image is not found.
Omfg, theres a spider on my ceiling and i dont know what to do!!!
Hey how do i switch my pic around?
bad day!
i need my friends 
 just found out it's not available at my house yet.
 working tmw    get off at 9:30.
poo
Wishing i was home rite now...gotta sit thru a 2 hour lecture about shit i dont give a fuck about 
Very sad news.
Cookie, my best and most devoted friend in Cambria ,had be put to sleep this afternoon .
She will be missed.
 why are you not playing glasgow 
too much walkin though 
why is my mom singing lady gaga again, what did i do to deserve this 
 pretty snappy.
lost all my themes tho 
I just broke the crap out of .
Thought I was going to get to go home tonight 
i kinda miss him  especially when i hear dmb  which is a lot.
oh boy oh boy or should i say oh boys oh boys
...@solangeknowles is in the booth...like POOF!
lol...
when u comin back to the H??
or do i needa just break down and do LA?
 a well yeah i guess u will get some freaks on there expecting more  was interesting to actually &quot;see&quot; you though!
strange!
 Except it doesn't act as a toggle, it only shows, not toggle the showing on and off 
 perez...im coming out of the closet and i really need some advice cause my peers are isolating me 
Going to go scavenge for food.
I forgot to bring home all that leftover chicken &amp; noodles from work.
I must remember to do so tomorrow!
is totally digging this nocturnal thing...
and is SO sad to be working her last floorset shift tonight 
...
that homework wont be done by tmrw.
I feel kinda bad  i like having my stuff on time.
im loafin man, not good
 yes they called us pinchi locas lol  im sorry lol i didnt know 
 for real?!
That sux!
I like that 1 too!
......
&amp; we go to that 1 for Marco's bday almost every year.
Aww man.
I want to stab Youtube with something rusty for taking 3hrs to upload my Ozzie tribute AND THEN delete it for being over 10 minutes  
Getting ready to go to Watertown for 4 days....gonna miss my babe!
Wants to go see hangover but has nobody to watch it with 
 lol.
It usually doesn't work when you want it to.
Everyone is on standby due to weather  guess we are all going back late today..
Why's it so hard to watch movies where a boy and girl fall in love?
I usta love vincent donofrio.
Now he's old n sad I think 
 ouch!
that doesn't sound fun 
 yikes!
well i hope everything is ok with you!
phone broken again 
Quick stop in Hopland @ the Mendocino Brewing Co - Cali's oldest brewpub apparently...no dogs allowed 
see you later 
 I know &amp; I don't have them 
 he heard me, dangggggit  gotta work on my secretive voice lol!
i'll talk to you tomorrow (: xxxx
 is so p.o.ed she broke her bum finger's nail off on my hand  Sorry dawg.
RANDOM: i still can't get over the fact that paramore didn't get best song  i think that is gonna stay with me forever
I've got a sore throat 
 i just saw your rain tweet, and where i live, we have a tornado warning.
i wish it was only rain 
 Is typeamomcon kidscon going to be going on the WHOLE time momcon will be?
Want to go but will have to go sans hubs/sitter 
Why are the neighbors having yucky time @ 2h30 in the morning?
Thinking of heading to Colonial Downs on Sat for the Colonial Turf Cup.
Sorry to hear last year's winner Sailor's Cap died today 
worst* MY PHONE CALL ISNT COMING.
HATE LIFE  
going to ashleighs for movietime!!
miss my love 
 I asked if we could stay later for the concert...no go.
I'm at home.
Headed back to work for a very very long week.
THE ICE CREAM LIED ITS NOT REAL GUM 
 went to get that svc you got, but they gonna be on vacay 
 omg y???
I wish I could go cuzz...I'm broke tryna save for this car &amp; I don't start work til next week 
My skin is on fire yo!
I Got sunburned...
I'm a lobster.
That is not good...
 stop it!
I really wanted to go to this show 
is trying to take pictures..
 what u tryna clear up?
and when u going live?
I been busy  haven't seen u live in a min
 and @ least u got options.
hmph.
Help me 
wants to go work out but cant w/o an ipod and cant use an ipod with a busted ear drum 
i am not a fan of sunburn and chapped lips 
This song makes me sad 
--' aff, que saaco!
- Byee!
;**
My feet hurt  worked 8-2 ah haha
UGH I HATE THUNDERSTORMS OMG AND THERE WAS A TORNADO THAT TOUCHED DOWN IN PITTSBURGH.
WTF DO NOT WANT!
My computer has given me nothing but hell all day I wish it would just act right for 5 seconds 
Too much shit going on...
I need a fkn break 
Just saved a bird from my dog, but its wing is broken 
UGH my phones dying  and i dont have my ipod to fall asleep to and no harger 
 hey Amy, I'm not excited about the wait either  I'll send you a song or two before then to hold you over ;)
Why are people so mean when they drive 
Why is everyone else having holiday and I have to go to school.
So unfair 
They've moved along now 
I miss Bali, hot weather, Pool side boozing 
 I replaced the cracked screen on my iPhone last night.
It doesn't work now.
seems to me that my phone off 
 seeing the counter jumping up and down  but still thinking you ll make it!
Big Iranian rally at Barranca and Jamboree  in OC.
Mom didn't slow down enough for me to take pic 
 Congrats on the show!
U have my support.
My sympathy on eleanor the fish.
Know she will b missed, poor Riley.
C u on Bee
i have the hiccups.
I want to rip my throat out 
Last day of Cardiology  Off to friggin Geriatrics next week...
just getting off work.
Damn this ish can suck sometimes 
Got an email from my parents.
Just reminds me how homesick I really am.
I want my mommy.
Update didn't include video recording  OS 3
Renting a movie..all alone  how sad.
So pissed off I can't go to movie nite tomrrow  Misses her babes
I cant stay awake 
 That does not inpsire confidence.
i am in school and dreaming about adidas samba.
 I tried...
she ignored me 
 i agree with benny.
we miss you 
car won't start.
this is super, my horoscope DID say my day was going to be two stars out of five.
right again.
 Yeah, I know, I've been waiting for it to come out!
The Dev-team for it said it would come out soon after 3.0 was released!
 - Yeah, I gotta have Ann scan in docs for me tomorrow so hopefully you'll test in the afternoon.
I got yelled at BIG time 
My tummy hurts 
 Woah.
is dead.
What happened?
at home..
about to go....
nowhere.
so bored.
My mommy went home n now I'm all alone again 
Oh gosh.
When did I get this stain on my bag?
my emotions are fucked-i just got really teary eyed watching madea goes to jail in the breakroom at work 
...is still in the office babysitting the stupid printer.
WHY'D U JUZ HAFTA ADJUST YOUR DAMN GRADATION AT THIS TIME???
 hey.
Quick Q.
What was the iphone general gps/map app you recommended?
Totally eludes my feeble brain at the moment 
 pero..
nose es tu opinion..!
xD a mi me gusta!
y me encanto la cancion here we go again!!
StumbleUpon has ruined my preception of cute kittens.
Now I never want to see another cat as long as I live.
I have four cats.
i want a vacation!!!!!!!!!
It's hard to be impressed with sytycd after last season blew me away 
 i dont know where to send it 
tried to call  but the call didn't go through.
spent the whole day driving ...
i reallly wish i studied days ago 
Jack has a full tummy 
 I'm playing office assistant tomorrow so I can't really go out tonight  well maybe &quot;a&quot; drink hahaha miss u
 LOL not anymore  im still sick it sucks ass
 : I want to eat w/ you.
I burned my leg making dinner.
Sooo I'm JUST NOW  watching Obsessed...
&amp;this white bitch is .crazy.!!!
 Is the BBR down?
I was trying to get on, and I got on for a minute but it's gone now 
alrite breakfast and internet searching done.
Time to get into the study.
Exam is 5.45pm tomoro night  still so much time...
sigh
 I just got back from my lunch break.
This was like dessert for me.
Waaaah!
Ohh mann..
HOW WILL I GET HOME?!?
I hate not having Internet at work.....I'm a pro at solitaire now  lol
 my mother isn't letting me go  i'm about to kill someoneeee.
 :  please don't die in a tornado...i wouldn't have any reason to watch tv again...
it sucks that the new iphone 3gs wont be able to send mms till late summer!
: sorry mama, didn't make it in time for taping start!
i didn't want to be the &quot;fashionably and horribly late&quot; asshole 
aw shit.
my tweets exceeded.
and missin you my dear prince, is incredible the lack of you in my heart   hope to see you tomorrow so I can kiss you again...
*.* L've u
 you = mean  hrmph
 I'll have to downgrade 
I feel bad, I've been cursing the cf-18's all day, CFB trenton was receiving another soldier...
 why the FCUK can't i Dmsg you?
i'm about to give up on this sharing sh!t 
I just opened up my membership letter from PRSA &amp; am disappointed to see they left out my official PRSA Little Orphan Annie Decoder Badge 
No Dr.
Jibberish?
aw.
but we got Run Forest Run!
wipeout
Can't turn on find my phone.
Must be a dead feature during the 2 month free trial of MobileMe???
Ugh.
'Three point oh-no' seems to get bored of using wi-fi and switch back to 3G without so much as a by your leave 
yes, my twitter bio says kitty poop.
oddly enough my kitty keeps pooping everywhere  maybe if i change it he will stop?
The spikes in traffic have killed the server  the problem with a busy site is cost esp if you don't monetize the site.
I very much dislike the new Facebook application for Blackberry 
never mind!
found it!
i made up my bed with the phone under the sheets 
 Man I'm an amateur  imma b a lonely bitch lol
YouTube doesn't work on my iPhone?
all options for my mobile image upload on my site are failing...
sad day...
 I don't wanna say...
you're gonna delete me!
I'd MISS you!!
 sorry to hear  ...(damn direct messaging doesn't work)
 hmmmm I cnt really think of my last time  spring break I think so March April?..
In bed by my self 
misses her Michael!
G's &amp; D's just isn't the same without him!
~Melba~
I'm in oklahoma.
But this is wayyyyyy differen't than youth america.
Reading: Guardian's 4 scenarios for outcome of the Iranian protests - the &quot;happy ending&quot; one seems least likely 
It's sad when your boyfriend has to work all the time...
My head is still pounding, even after the tylenol and napping 
 actually i can't.
that's only on the new iphone 3GS
 bit misleading if that is indeed what is happening....did google around before installing and the only mention was march expire 
 NOO !
i dont want you to go to shanghai  .
im gonna miss you loser &lt;3
 just harder to make circular &quot;boxes&quot; I figure; and &quot;Cera&quot; doesn't happen to be real deal: - sorry 
suffering from sleep deprivation  need @ least another 12 Hours!!
 &lt;3 Your links aren't working though 
 dont worry man.
You can still multitask the 5 blackberry apps.
Iphone users can only single task the 50000 apps we have 
 no i got work  i gotta take care of this elderly woman.
You going to Kristians pool party tonight?
Initial Ghostbusters thoughts: Voice Acting - Awesome, Gameplay - Gears of Fishing, Models/Textures - Good lookin'...Animation - ugly 
why would you share the existence of this person 
 ASIUHASHSA a-d-o-r-e-i o beijosnemligaqueeutocomed :* HAHA, anyway, vou dormir too (: and , one more time sorry 
My birthday is Saturday!
Too bad I'm in Hawaii so I can't enjoy it with any of my friends 
 sounds fun, but i am studying 
 aww...thats a bad thing?
or no?
Miss you...seriously!
I just got out of work and thought you would be on
Other wise you gotta come out the pocket 
Yuck face!
Dude next to me has the worst breath!
I offered him a mint and he said no thanks!
 - missing sunny weather 
 Hey Cud!
I can't see your updates.
You haven't approved my request.
lol, I meant to say that you GNR (meeee!) I overuse 'lol' anyways 
I missed quite a few tweets on my phone over the past few days.
 That was some scary shit, fareal.
I didn't know kicking cement blocks is a hobby...LMAOOOOOOOOOOOO  I cant find it 
Just called Liz's home, shes not home  Call me!
half my bedroom is outta power.
thanks rain 
not a fan of the new linkin park song i just heard 
Only like, 2 weeks left till i leave.
Sad.
My neighbor is moving in a week  I'm hella gonna miss him.
Watching I'm a celebrity again.
It's not the same with Spencer gone 
 You went to the Cheesecake factory?
  RedWings
I have a stuffed nose 
 I write late fees into my contracts.
Only invoked when clients are persistently late.
Which had been never, until this year 
 ha!
you expect politeness in airport/plane?
not gonna happen, unless you're a super-frequent flyer 
 Sounds nasty!
hours been trying to get wput to work, but constant failure leaves me bereft of any clues what im doing wrong 
My knee is so bruised from falling flat on the floor from  my pryramid at cheer camp.
 That's all I wanted, and then realized it was not something ATT supported yet 
Boringly   Write to me!!!
  sorry for wasting your time.
Epic fail
 lol hehehehe u kno I am I have to tell my chanybabi I'm sicc 
: I'm on my laptop, kinda hard to play using this 
Just got called &quot;maam&quot; by the teenaged worker at penguin....
Fml 
None of us won an iPhone today  *blink, blink*  Which means we enter for tomorrow!
squarespace
 Kiddo stay safe, are you safe where you are?
Then they cancelled it in June Go figure now I am 5 months behind explain that one to a crying 5 year old that she doesnt want to move 
: U were not talkin about me u were talkin bout Tyra 
Looks like the severe weather has passed to the south for now.
Another round headed for us in 2 to 3 hours  - 
is suffering with a cold  and is very unhappy about it!
  NOT.
COOL.
 I'm sad without comments from you everyday 
 totally went for the wrong reason 
 hehe tweet tweet  bro yesturday ,couldn't on til u come back   it's morning here,u probably are sleeping now LOLx
 WAYNE!
You bailed on me that one night for the club so &quot;I NO WANNA HEAR DAT&quot; lol, but youre like the most busy human i know 
 Aww.
*hugs* I'm praying for you today!
xoxo
Work Work Work 
where art thou Smiley Face?
confused...
how does Twitter really work 
Just updated my iPhone 3G - WARNING - be sure to have your USB plug directly into the computer - else you will have troubles!
I did 
no road trip cuz his engine isn't going to be done yet...
yet another trip canceled.
Attempting to get a NM liscense without ANY luck!
Sucks...
Fun vacay...but I miss Otalia  lol
Finally dri in home after a long day.
Feel sorry for the UFD tomorrow 
Just got stitches!
I meant drunk 
 - Dam!
No.
His Follower's Status Thing (Lol) Has Gone Down.
Its Back At 214,994 Follower's.
What T ...
a man and his motorbike *huggles Jim* He really is missing Bones 
ugh, ugh, ugh.
having some doubts.
have to write a paper.
this has been a bad week for classwork.
 But ugly girls are ugly!!!
off work...still studying 
Aw I had to come home 
is quite upset for not being able to go to youth tomorrow 
having an off day now that I'm home and having to speak with real people.
socially somethings weird about today.
i dont like my twitter picture....
i dun know which pic to use though 
i would love to grab you from the bank my friend, what time??
i just found out im probs not gunna get my iphone for 1.5weeks  
bloquearam o twitter no meu trampo 
I wasn't late this morning but my head hurts.
...
2hrs of sleep tho...
thats not good  u need to rest up more often...
just sayin 2010...
i expecting big things from ...
 Its hell!
Haha!
I still haven't gotten used to it.
Especially with the weather!
spent the day at the USOpen, practice round.
It was a gorgeous day and a lot of fun.
No Tiger, though.
Cannot sleep 
 ; mmkay lemme kno mondayy haha they prolly kut me out  lol i hope im atleast in the beginning
making hamburgers.....
no wait, oh they're chicken burgers 
ick blood tests 
SincerelyAngela: car won't start.
this is super, my horoscope DID say my day was going to be two stars out of five.
right again.
Wathing so you think you can dance with a tummy ache and a head ache..
I think the antibiotics are too strong..
 woo hoo!!
cept i can't read for the rest of the day cause i have a killer headache!
 that's awesome!
I can't fit in any of my dresses from high school.
Cat xrays are back and fine.
Murphy is spending the night at the vet while we wait for blood and urine results.
He's got an iv 
Yay for throwing up at camp  i think the chili didnt agree with my stomach!
I effin LOVE getting chewed out at work for doing my job really well.
Wow, what a craptastic day 
 - We lost  first game so we can only get better!
Everyone around me is getting calls from their bf's and gf's...
I hate this...
 this really sucks it keeps going from 217 to 214!
is very tired 
 can you help me reach 100 followers or even more...
i only have 54 
 I'm psyched to listen tomorrow !
Sadly tho, my mom won't take me all the way to ocean city on 6/26 to see ya guys  rock out tho
 it's not me!
who is?
DAYA ?
or somebody from Sul?
 well what about the DVD???
u gotta be strict for at least 2 weeks straight....
 it is pretty neat, and I like seeing what you are doing!!
How were the eggs?
I had ham and cheese for dinner - no soup though, 
 just listening to music.
Exams  I hate them.
I had mine last year.
Phew..
i just have to wait till gr 12..
swallowed more gum than lollipop 
Watching the market tank  
I was drug-free for 2 months.
I was proud.
But now, cause of all the pb on my life I need to take drugs again  Life sucks
 Then you are lucky!!!
Gotta get out, hate AT&amp;T 
 did you dislike the picture i made that much you dont wanna even comment on it?
Just hanging around the house.
I lost my mommy  haha I can't find her anywhare!
3,500 miles away.
What would you change if you could?
 but eatting popcorn so its getting better
Typing an email to my mom, feeling a little home sick  Where is ?
Wishing I was on my way home from work already..
Just talked to the fam for an hour and a half.
Time well spent.
Wish I could zip over to Colorado for a quick trip.
 Wish I could help  Sorry you have to go thru' that.
time to head back to reality in the morning!
Starting the trek back in the morning.
That drive, ugh!
We r putting together &quot;big boy&quot; bed for 2yo-a Step 2 captains bed w/space underneath for storage or kids to crawl in &amp; play-byebye crib 
 i don't know 
thats not a very nice thing to say  ..
 OMG!
i just told ligia i wanted pizza cause im on a tuna diet!
..
 2 beers later and I'm def not.
Feels like the worst mum ever....I sent my little girl to daycare sick....my poor baby....i want to go get her and snuggle her 
Oh my got a future with some other partners in the future may need to think about it, but yeah cant move my legs are WAY to soar 
FUUUUUCK!
I missed a call for an interview with Jim at EB Games!
I need to go down there 2mrw.
I hope I didnt miss the boat entirely 
get me out of here 
About to upload brokenapples video on youtube.
Sorry for the wait up 
 aww i miss   I need more facetime!
im prob gonna wind up in texas in july
 fun chat, I am sure your annoyed answering the same Q's over &amp; over, we sent some better than they picked  oh well *hugs
i don't wanna go to cross country.
i already ran for an hour today!!
that should count 
I wish I had a squishy...
oh good grief i missed an apostrophe....
 Fingers crossed!
I don't want to have to burn all of my pathetically small wardrobe.
 I hope it doesn't ruin everything.
I lost my chap stick 
Oh my gosh, this is so hard 
gr, iphone upgrade wiped my data 
wanted to go to hot yoga!
But am so sleepy came home 
I could get to like this site...however no one i know uses it...so no one to twitter to   maybe will just twitter any way)
All i c are ppl tweeting about a website to get more followers 
Haven't been on here for like forever....finally 16!!!
Almost a year since we left for Samoa..how fast time flies 
says pleasant rainy day to ya'll 
Final decision...
No walk 
has just installed sims 3 yay.
too sleepy to play though.
off to bed 
Woot woot iPhone 3.0!
Highlight if my weeeek!
Lowlight?
Chris leaving in 2 days.
So lame.
 Can't drink gin - got absolutely paralytic on it when I was 16 and never touched it since, smell turns my stomach 
Off to meet friends in Williamsburg *gulp* first time on the BQE 
 Haha.
Thanks for the list.
Got me some VC's (on special again.
w00t!) and Foot Loops.
Forgot the Milo though 
 DAMN...
just talking about that album makes me miss it...
It was either lost or stolen 
nah sis.
i got to work.
and plus, i didn't have no one to go with   but i just seen the replay.
wow!!!
a lot of  laker fans.
did you go?
This goes down in my book of day's I do not like 
Somebody told me I disappear when I turn sideways.
 No chocolate ice cream?
Man, you ARE sick!
 too bad the show tonight is sold out.
would've love to have gone 
Sleep paralysis please stop ruining my life, do not enjoying throwing up over myself  can you get sleep therepy?
Eu preciso comprar &quot;Lines Vines and Trying Times&quot; 
Band practice.
My ears are ringing 
 give me the name of your favorite bar, I'll call ahead and give them my credit card info!
Sorry again 
Awake...
Wondering...
What am I doing?
Seriously...
It's like I don't have a heart anymore...
   doesnt sound like a fun day...
I just attempted to rescue a baby bird.
It didn't seem to want my help 
 LOL I thought the same.
First I wondered if it was someone doing a prank, but it was a real guy.
I had no camera 
 too late.
Already announced today.
 sorry about that.
situation is out of control...
work sucks 
hummm i am in the mood for a Fat Tire brew, just realized we're all out 
Not feeling too good, seriously thought my allergies were just going crazy, but now feel puny 
 
Omg ive only been studying half an hour and im ready to quit!
Fml 
 pfft you do to to  but never to me 
my skin makes me want to punch a baby.
it's so ATROCIOUS 
Ruh roh, half of my backyard is underwater.
Methinks there art drainage problems on the new homestead.
 yeah but a little more busy 
Picking up the kids from school.
Game over 
 Well tuh!
u seemed like it and why arent u answering my aim's 
 haha.
Sweet.
I love that show.
Too bad my friend's tv is dead.
 I'm still waiting for 2 updates and a third app to be reviewed and released.
Hate the wait.
Is so fucking Sick of people at the moment.
I wish i didn't exist 
I wish I had someone like edward cullen 
Why Apple, why ?
I wanted to pay, but you didn't let me do so.
Now, I have no other choise but to ask TPB for it.
Bored out of my mind 
 i wish i got tickets to the PPP premiere in toronto but i have an exam the next day  do a show in toronto soon PLEASE!
i lost 1 of my followers.
my phone is not working  so texting me is not an option.
Just took Laney back to 4H camp!
Concentracao, what is that?
at the sadest part of the movie 
 I will.
Too bad the vacation money is gone and I can't go see you.
can not think of anything for dinner  BSB 
 Ouch!
Sorry 
Birmingham bridge is closed, 10th street bypass flooded, and water up to car windows in Oakland...
and Pittsburgh's Fox station is out 
thinks her basement stinks like wet grossness still 
yaaaay my picture won't show up...
so why is the weather like this...
so glad i got a ride home from work, but i couldnt go get my new headphones 
 weee quieroo escuchar a SNOW PATROL tomandoo 
Thunder and lightning are no friends of mine 
It was so hot at the lakers parade...
My chest got sun burned bad  Going to take a nap...zzzzzzzz
I am going 2 da doctors cause my ribs hurt  I don't think I broke it  One Love LIL K wish me luck
ignore my last tweet.
tonight is going to be another night spend in my bed.
alone.
Watching history repeated 
Hiring freeze in Louisville, job I wanted re-posted for current employees only, guess I didn't get the position and I really wanted it 
  shellena stop gettin on my nerves about myspace 
 sorry  i'm trying to help as much as I can, but my twit count is only at 214 thous.
Twitter = broken
 yes!
I do!
You haven't been emailing me ur story!
And i miss it 
 oh yea, Societies was a big disappointment from EA  I Just Hop CitiesXL is better (i've actually been watching the website [...]
 you could've come with me tonight, but your pickiness had to stand in the way...
Back in Rosario!
God, in less than 5 day I'd been out of my city 3 entire days 
 it wont read any dvd's 
 I'm sorry 
 I could not get in through my iPod touch.
is sad, lonely, miserable, etc.
I need a companion...
 wanted to make it too 
though i do wonder quite frequently why my room is attached to the bathroom, and 's dog is kept in there all day  grossgross
I'm no longer on speaking terms with Thursday, it tricked me into thinking it was Friday 
also, new iphone software is pretty cool.
still reaaaaaally want the 3gs, though.
SO BAD.
ughh, okay ive got a crappy samsung i600v working.
gotta live with it for 13 months 
hah yeah, buuuut i dont get anything when you reply to me for some reason?
haha i'm on my compy now.
imy already 
 Sweet.
Wanna play with it but got some work to get done first.
 I have never in my life eaten that many doughnuts in a year wtf.
No wonder people are having heart attacks lol 
my jeans come today bt they shit  might just end up buying the primark ones againi shoulda got my blazer today!
 yea I like all the features I saw.....definately worth the money....even though you got it for free 
Bar is too dark.
I can't get a pic with my cell 
i think I need a hug 
 haha i wanna cuddle with my boyy 
I don't remember putting on my cranky pants this morning, but there they are 
my neck isnt healing all too well...
im so senstive.
its only been a week so hopefully it gets better 
The peep bling keyring fell off my keys 
Enjoying my PSP, which unfortunately has a stuck pixel  God of War is insane.
Porn these days!!!
They just don't make it like they used to anymore.
 No seems like to have weight loss I have to eat 3-4 pts under daily targets no APs and no WP!
Very hard and discouraging 
went and deleted a ton of DMs......
made me sad  i miss some people
I'm tiered of hearing the word &quot;leaving&quot; 
Idk i tried it again but it wont go 
 I wish I was going to your show tonight and I'm in chicago 
 - image not found...
Still waiting for instructions to return smoker to .
Now they say they'll email the info in 1-2 days.
 I know im so sad we have to pay i cant afford to right now 
sytycd I can't lust over any of these guys since they're like 12 
 ewwww!!
No ac aint cool either!!!
 wow...that totally sucks  pple r really rude!
  i wanna be there witchu 
 Hey my love!
I am so proud of you for Graduating!
Where's my silly girl you've grown too fast!
Software update not available in your area ...
fuck it !!!!!
Quite disappointing 
  But the Ballad of Toby Ziegler is awesome .
.
.
So much for West Wing Rock 
Bored out of my freaking mind!
Got to swim today.
The deerflies kept trying to eat us.
is boreedd 
 - i miss the sharks  i love devin setoguchi
Just leaving downtown - found a dress FINALLY!!
But still not my size in my colour....gotta go back tomorrow 
stupid itunes keeps crashing so i can't update my iphone  guess i'll have to wait!
 Wait, OMG WHAT?!!
What is this rubbish about Jeff?
OMG!!
I don't know what's going on and I feel icky lol.
 Lol!
Ray Parker Jr.
Lol.
I like that song by Raphael Saddiq.
I am going to be solo for EMF.
having fun with the conversations feature in .
Still mad I lost all my groups with the update.
It will take forever to redo 
 LOL.
Please stop talking to me.
You're actually scaring me now.
Sadness is being excited all day to get home and try the iPhone 3.0 software, but realizing your forgot your sync cable at work 
ugh work tomorrow 
Just been on a slug hunt, little sods have had two of my pumpkin plants- so much for home grown pumpkins for halloween 
Cooking some dinner, I'm kinda sad it's just for me...
Colinn is studying  But yay!
I get to grub and then have some skinny cow ice cream!
I hate when WoW crashes when I just about have a group together 
argggggggggggg                    
 im scared 
Just got home from the mall and dinner.
Back to work tomorrow 
haven't done chores.
i want my phone 
 i love the iphone..but they just got the mms capability.
that was my biggest peeve..up until now, and now this haha 
 ugh!
I wish I was in town, meep!
Turned out the light in the mens room and heard someone yell &quot;hey!?&quot; inside.
Was too embarassed to go back.
sucks at math....
it's 170 days  
 on the waiting list too  Hope Ms  gets a bigger place for all her BPD fans..We luv U CC.
don't forget your peeps
Juice is on!
The b.e.t version 
I meant to put hate, not have.
Haha.
Finallllyyyy here.
Traffic makes me all tense.
My cousins puppy is sick so I'm rubbing his tummy 
Ahhhh She's stupid!
yeup officially a twitterer ;) i miss charlenes voice 
Lost my passport!
There goes my trip to Iran to help protest 
Back to work tomorrow   Boy did I enjoy my five days off!
ugh finals 
thinking of getting her hair cut but my hairdresser moved now i dont no where to go 
 girl nothing i need something to do !!
womp.
Can't wait 2 instal the new ifone software...hope it's not a big fat letdown 
I want to go swimming....
my pool isn't ready yet  
rip smokey the cat 
(@mo6020) i think I need a hug 
I want green tea ice cream 
on my way to palo alto stayin in barstow tonight.
i miss everyone way too much 
going to clean  then off to play a killer game of Mario Kart!
No one showed.
I recycled most of the flyers.
Why don't people check their mail for days at a time?!
 why not share with the world your technological discovery?
 no I havent seen your work, there is no website link...in your profile 
I was denied the bunny!
HAHAHA .
online again !
at last  ..
bored 
Got to skate most of practice except bump bump goose 
  ok we'll talk about your boyfriends and stuff tomorrow ;) lmao and we'll talk for real soon too!!
wooo hehe ilysfm doodle xxxx
EXAAAAAMS.
 no cannot  closing the store.
Cheer looooud for me!!
And babes...
shoesies is gonesies!!
 you're more of an angry little person than me!
feel better.
I wish my  was here!
I'll just make a paper doll and call it Lacey for now.
going to the orthodontist tommorow 
Unfortunately, we are broke  ...
and even if we had the money...
where would we find the time???
Or the babysitters???
 Ugh &quot;some&quot; more weeks..
and it's going to be WINTER holidays in argentina :/ hate it  haha, so..
what should we talk about?
Uploading pics from the last full day  Bye Bye Sophomore year...
 aww man really your leaving twitter  nooooo lol
 aww 
ugh...
i will never eat a fancy cake again 
My baby is leaving for his dad's in 2 days, and I'm feeling it.
 
Feels good to sleep in my own bed tonight, but my hands are gonna search for him next to me.
and he's not there  no morning kiss either!!
missing chris like whoa.
 that is a genuine shame  but I am 100% sure it won't affect future job applications, don't worry.
I really like tweetdeck for iPhone, but it crashes at least 50% of the time on my 1g phone.
Umm..Wats good tonight n Va besides club mystiqe???
 I couldnt get the invite 
my lunch gave me the worst belly ache.
I hate garlic 
bed Time !!
Sorre throat + Soree head  Cannyy copee 
some day ill get sleep 
 somehow it wiped and then backed it up over the previous backup  ..
have to restore back to january
Got a torqx screwdriver bit, got into the bottom of the dishwasher and unclogged it, found~30 toothpicks + a chicken bone + floss  Ick.
 there's a grief that can't be spoken; there's a pain goes on and on; empty chairs at empty tables, now my friends are dead and gone  
 No I can't  it's still for 599 bastards!
I&quot;m being fucked right now 
she dances waaaaaaaaaay to soft for me....
omg...
i hope she doesn't make jason get sent home.
 blah dont say that, i like calling u mikey 
A long work day 2 come home 2 my car hit again...Maybe 2morrow will be a better day   About 2 get ready 4 bed...Night
 LOL.
Ain't nobody putting honey on my feet.
Ugh.
I wear sandals and they attack me while I'm waiting on the bus.
 Good luck with tonight!
Wish I could go on Sat  You guys are so farrrr
 But that's not going to stop people wishing or people selling the (tool) dream 
Aw , its not gon be the same!
 dnt tell me  I'm dying!!!
 bezzie sowii bouu last night.
my internet cut off and i couldnt come back on till 12am  missyou bezzie!
 Aww man ..
it was that night 
I reached school!
8.30!
Earliest out of the four of them.
I feel so tired.
I feel like sleeping!!
OMG grace and liying not coming.
Lena!!
 Haha.
As per my other tweet.
I noticed my SIM PIN got reset after the update.
Had to call Telstra to get me unlocked 
feels all the sudden drained, wow this day went horrible 
waiting on this steamed shrimp...
daydreamin and thinkin of him!
I know my babe is NOT eatin this good rite now...
Damn Airforcers LLs
I really want to plan MTG on XBLA 
  I am so so Ci.
Still sore  But at least not as queezy.
Need a break already though and I JUST went back!
lol
 LOL i misspelled it on purpose they didnt have mouse available 
i miss my bird, i hope you r.i.p.
coconut and sandy 
This heartburn is killing me!
&amp; my hubby keeps forgetting to buy me tums!
 what...
no photo of the truck??
Why is everyone breaking up these days?
I'm thankful for my relationship 
Work sucked im happy to be off, wish i could of went to the parade 
News storm tracker is messin up my show 
i miss my birds, i hope you r.i.p.
coconut and sandy 
 !?!??!?!?!?!?!
&lt;3 it's okay.
I forgive you...&lt;3
I about to go on a date...
to Walmart!
i am very sad 
i can't believe batman is leaving robin for a whole week!!
Robin is going to be so bored and sad 
omg.
kssu is giving out passes to see transformers!!
but i cant get it cuz i didnt finish my hours yet!
boo.
I'm in pain...
Feels like my high school days again...
Soup city sweetheart, so sorry 
Uh, no.
My flu got worse.
.
 Oh yeah, Well he did do Juelz wrong by sellin his contract to Def Jam for 1 Million.
IDGAF.
Thats fucked up.
I want the new ftsk deluxe edition package 
i don't feel good  i think i'm going to taking a warm bath.
 - this was his motorbike, but yeah - that's some bad bikarma 
my profile is ugly  purple rocks my socks hburs?
sorry people im grounded 
paulina rubio is booooooooooooooring  and i think that she is everything but not blondie.
 Oh NO!
U dnt wana b ur friend anymore!!
Ten-thirty is soo far away.
working on my thesis...
Eric'd future is looking grim more storms coming 
On my way to SFO.
I will miss receiving tweets on my phone.
Well, I am officially bored 
 First time in maybe 5 summers that I won't be seeing him in concert 
 too much?
Nyone had 3.0 crash on them yet?
Work is gay.
my dad says he's gonna miss me this summer  he didn't even get this sentimental when I left for UCI 4 years ago!!!
I am super bored at home 
Wipeout isn't as fun without  
zombieninja I have truly awful attack sum right now - new game changes lowered it &amp; made me poor  but on my way to being more helpful!
 Damn Ohio weather!
I'm trying to watch Chess; you sound great and I need the inspiration.
The channel keeps going out 
So how's the 3.0 DL?
Can only do it later in the evening   squarespace ehehe
  there weird.
JASONNNN &amp; CAITLIN!!!
&lt;3333 but judges didnt like it 
Shady shady shady people 
 i know i'm not going use i didn't know that the storm of the century was coming this way tonight 
looking for a lost font, now that's fun.
 okay text me tonight!
b/c i lost yours 
I'm trying to find a good picture of myself to put on here...
NO luck!
I could have been spending all kinds of money tonight but instead...I'm making it.
Want those Diesel clothes however 
Eugh!
I feel like with all this stuff goin on in life right now..
I wish that I had that one certain person to talk to &amp; comfort me!
I want an iPhone so much it hurts a little 
Blackberry is freaking out, message light won't stop blinking, but there's no new messages!
 oh, i won't be on msn so soon  but you can tell me tomorrow
 aww I it might be lonely and bored  who's dog?
Super bummed  has to work tonight   - dance class in an hour.
SEE!
I told y'all!!
They butchered Shane's ish  They did it no justice.
Looks like the NY is due for some more bad weather!!
There goes my weekend!!
Dammit!!
Today was the first day I've gone without talking to my sisters 
Chillaxin, worked 10 hours today 
Godammit, I want my iPhone 3.0 update!
Why is the net choosing to be lame and fall over on me today?!
Well i juz got the update and juz like i said no mms support till later this summer 
 'Well hello, guy who works in McDonalds...' Darn you, Kellie - 'Shoot' me 
Missed the laker parade!
 Missing nectar.
I love Lil C,.and that is so true...no chemistry and they were NOT in sync at all.
And I love me some Shane.
 grats!
But you don't like iPhones?
excpet i still cant put up a pic  twitter needs to be ablw to see me ;) !!!!!!!!!!!!
Sure wish I could download the new iPhone OS 3.0, but nooooo, it has to be storming.
I don't like storms anymore.
Ouch.
my neck.
I need a neck rub.
 I wish I had a blackberry 
My tweetdeck is not working  worst day ever
homework 
is going to start revision now 
Why is everyone sad today?
This includes me.
I need to dance.
Aw, nice try, Uggs.
How does this thing work  .
 Of course youre excited, youll be breathing the same air as ZQ in a perfectly legal fashion!Youll see the brows!
I want 2be u 
hey anyone wanna get me a USB-TTL usb cable?
they are all expensive 
 I know it will Zee,, I feel for ya, I just didn't want to rub it in 
do i buy a new iphone or not????
AHHHH!!!!!
i love my bold 
i really wish i could find out what's causing my stomach issues  i'm so sick of the pains!!
emmarichard  : did you read Sandra's piece about her divorce and marriage misery?
 ....Y  ??
I am about to take off for London!
No cell phone for two weeks 
awful day at work 
Has to clean all by myself...
 wish u were here watching it with us 
let's not crap on Shane's routine -- I don't want him to leave again!
I've got another head ache.
What's up with that...
is...dead...tired...just got home from wk and it's almost 8pm...darn ppl making me stay after hours with customers by myself 
 i wish my full time didnt hate me 
Just found out that Band of Brothers Blu-Ray was on sale for $27 on Barnes &amp; Noble online today...but too late, it's expired 
my nights get here way tooooooo fast 
Tornadoes scare the shit out of me.
 - something like that.
been a long week thus far - no sight in end until Sunday afternoon 
dustin is a sleepyheadd with a mean girlfriend 
ow.
still have this horrible shiteous headache.
grrrr i dont wanna do this anymore!
its taking tomuch outta me 
 I really despise going though.
Hungry or not.
Especially at night .
.
.
after work.
I'm just ready to go home.
in new York but missing Tay cause he's at a show 
Was expecting a nice twit from mike but guess im not loves as much as I thought  ha ha ha ...
hope 44's making me proud
Dang!
Started my bike ride-good momentum, then my bike broke!
 i want to see  play in the Czech Republic but couldn't afford to go there 
 yeah My co-worker and I were looking for a Sushi place in the area for our once a week lunch outing.
We found nothing new.
 I did the refresh with Ashton's account and his changed twice but I hit refresh like 20 times.
I think you've been hacked 
I hate waiting.
Just answer to me and I'll be happy.
great visit with my boy!
i love him &amp; miss him soooooo much 
promises to be more faithful on Twitter now that I have no Facebook account!
 And I can't take any time off yet.
I don't have any time built up.
Unless I get a long weekend or something.
Not long enough 
Just installed TwitterBerry to my Blackberry...
This app isn't easy to use,either!!
Full of energy and nowhere to go but home 
 Unless they have balanced/realistic following/followers s, I don't even bother adding them back.
SO many serial adders here.
accidental long nap .
.
.
sorry, , i didn't mean to sleep through our meeting.
Ugh I feel so sick and bleeeh...it's late....I should sleep but ugggh sickness 
 don't you miss  ?
 yup, i agree with you juliett :9 ITS IMPOSSIBLE, all the day thinking of him :s I MISS HIM 
 waaaaatch....requiem for a dream....it's very sad though 
Just saw Dakota for the last time.
 i wuda but im shooting at 7 soooo tmrw?
 yooo you never texted me back  great job lol
wishing chris was home so he could take care of me....still don't feel good 
 thanks, dude.
Jonathan Knight is locked up now.
 i missed the xmas tree decorating last xmas in my flat my flatmates did it drunnk while i was at work one night 
It going to rain for couple more days!
Oh no!
I hope it doesnt ruien my plans for this weekend.
 Lay-off.
She just found out she's pregnant.
FML 
 oh bummer!
Billy played &quot;Up!&quot; for you!
Sorry you missed it.
and don't forget sunblock @ the pool!
I wish I could go to the Hamptons for the summer 
 LOL!!
haha i got it from SouljaBoy.....does that make me stalkerish?
 oh NOOOOOOO!
that's terrible.
Feverish Munchkin + 20 min carnap = sketchy afternoon.
At least she laid down with me for an hour.
But no playdates allowed.
Playing NASCAR 07 I miss my baby 
I really need to start doing term papers a few weeks into class..
Urh, I am so sleepy, and my legs ache so much 'cos of all the walking I did yesterday!
Im disappointed in the iphone update.
It added two little things..big woohoo!
I wanna comment on every So You Think You Can Dance (SYTYCD) routine &amp;  focused on iranelection.
Feeling a mite frivolous 
oh dearest tweet, i need a cup of aromatic coffee to keep myself awake, at least for now.
i see 711, the store and more!
Hmmm date night with hubby is going to be cut short cause of work...
Just got the awakening and a henna tat.
going to the hot tub soon...i miss justin too much 
 not on my Touch either.
I miss you 
 I like it and I hate it, how much am I going to have to spend on extra levels and such?
 Ouch!
*hugs*
 I wrote you this morning, girl!
Didn't get it?
I think my uterus is angry at me 
 I have no freakin clue.
It's some sort of cosmic prank designed to irritate me.
Tomato plants are wilty.
 I'm bac to depression mode 
really hurt me your words 
I think I just lost a friend.
But at least I had one last good few days to remember her by.
wants some soup 'coz it won't make my teeth hurt....
BSB
&lt;--- about to brave the rain  LAME  If it's really bad i may puss out and stop at REI on the way home for a raincoat
thinks she's going to go to bed about now.
Just got the sad bit in Buffy  Next episode is s6ep16: The Body.
But not today, maybe tomorrow
 Tell Pmore to get their butts down to Australia/Perth kthx  Oh and you should come back too.
We're missing our Patrick 
  working an 11 hour shift and it has been a pretty quiet day  just lonely in this salon...
who needs their hair did?
 I'm in the desert!!
And tweetdeck confuses me 
Fring also doesn't allow voice calls over 3G 
 I wandered around town looking for take out.
I ended up at grocery store buying fruit &amp; lots of junk.
My tummy hurts 
I'm still wishing we could have gone to TNNA this year   Stitches East, anyone?!
 waiting for jailbreak also.
Oh pooh 
I'm worried that one of my 'unkillable' plants is about to die  If you love your plants, keep them away from me...
I wish  was taking me out  not in a gay way.
I'm not gay.
 I was in a strecher  and very weak.
Sorry.
i miss my darren already 
Ugh, the media is making me mad.
My favorite facebooker deleted his facebook 
aww, who knew harry potter would be so sad?
I wish DCU's kick off wasn't still 2 hours away 
My tummy hurts.
 I was a bit delayed on that link request   Thanks again!
So sick of the traffic in downtown.
Stupid shuttle is late to pick us up!
didn't get to finish watching she's the man 
 haha I'll try!
And I miss you too, where have you been?!
SO bummed out!
My purse was stolen at the store and n it was my brother's car key which costs $600 to replace because of some micro chip 
 awww im sorry ur not feelin well today!!!
and i c ur goin to the dr's tomorrow?
:S Im here for ya
They HAVE to stop showing that Wendy's frostie commercial.
I really want one.
 ughh nvm my computer is being gay &amp; not letting me send them sorry 
 i'm jealous of the girl 
 Not going this year 
 aw thanks and hi!
I am finally in the world of the living again.
Sheesh, wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy.
Sandy is crumbling away.
She's dying...
what to do.
...I don't know how to take this crap outta my mouth 
 I just jogged, and ate fidello, lol, I can't believe my phone doesn't have pic mail 
 ahhh that makes me sad 
...
maybe and would be nice, so I don't get the promblem.
not enough butter on my scone 
zummie's couch tour was amazing....to bad i had to leave early 
Summer reruns really get me down.
At caca's.
We have to work on keith hw before we play COD.
Eff keith 
Backing up your iphone cannot be more boring and annoying!!!
 Nobody knows.
I'm really sick all the time.
July 7th I have surgery to remove a large kidney stone  I'm almost 24 ...
: 
is off to bed now but as to be up at 7:45 to go to his course in the library really dnt wanna get up wud raither hav a lie-in instead 
listenin 2 your not sorry!!have a long week nxt week..hope nuthin bad happenz 2 her in surgery..
 not sure yet.
my mom wants to get animal control to try to catch them.
but i wanna keep theeem.
 That hurts both here *points at head* and here *points at heart*...
im worried bout the wrong things, the wrong things 
 nada mucho...im at work still 
What happened?
Dreading tomorrow 
Going out to eat with the rd games tonight then to bed and then in the morning we have to leave 
Feeling super insecure with ma new dress.
It's shifting all tha time and makin me uncomfortable 
unless it's something i don't wanna know!!
reading about diseases online is a bad idea!
My partners leaving for two weeks, i'm gonna miss her 
hazen street is playing a show?!
wtf.
i always miss stuff due to work 
another phone causalty.
worst luck ever with these devices  bf left so now bff is coming!
Was unseccessful on finding wheels at B&amp;R 
got in the car,turned on the ipod and &quot;Amazing&quot; by Kanye was on  ...NBAwithdrawl
Yesterday i was told  was fulla shit..
Even  is suing..
I just cant bring myself to believe yet..
 yeah, it did  but I forgot about it, so nice surprise in the mail when it arrived 
miss my boyfriend 
went to the libs with water, cruskets, a sanga, her textbook and lecture notes, extra clothes, and a beanie.
but FORGOT HER NOTEBOOK.
 I miss you.
Someone needs to keep me in line.
mhsmc
is at home with a cold 
I guess I'm changing my picture.
says its scary 
I have dropped 14 spots  Go vote !
Please and thank you !
 same.
roof is borked 
That makes me kinda sad because Its make me think of him and what it could have been....
sore from working too much  but for some reason going back in again tonight hah...ugh..this no-socialization thing is getting to me
 ouccchhh holy those hurt  hopee he passes them soon
Meimei's flying off to Canada today smpai bulan depan.
Jeles ku  hahaha.
Takecare sayaang!
;)
Im so bored that I think I'm going to stick firecrackers in jelly donuts.
Sorry folks-I can't take topless pics-I dont have a blackberry 
Playing with the new kitten.
I can't help getting attached to cute furry animals 
 At least you have a phone I have no phone at all 
Kylie is having a heart attack right now.
 that sucks!
Damn this recession.
 I am so worried about them  so scary that we haven't heard anything for a little while...
In your brown eyes I was feeling low 
Didn't get out.
Wind picked up and a good chance of Thunderstorms.
I'll have to wait for Father's Day I guess.
My tooth hurts!!!
Time for some medicine!!!!
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
 hahaha how mean!!!
Watchin the Brew Crew go for the sweep of the Tribe.
Not in HD tonight though 
 LOL yeah blame it on me!
I'll take it 
 MMS wont be here till later in the summer because AT&amp;T is slacking.
is gonna be really sad if both friends stand her up tonight 
 ah!
I missed last week 
 - coronado bridge  im so scared and everyone thinks its funny 
i have no reason to tweet any more 
  I miss you too 
 I'm so sad you did not give me a shout out    I'm working late and jammin to 52.
Keeping my spirits up!
yea baby!
today is being really slow :/ and i just remembered why i STOPPED listening to your music in the first place..
 oh   whatever!
My ass didn't want you either!
started a new section.
nothing done at all, still!
cool butt bump.
is sad she can't be at the comi-con in san diego at the end of july  some of my fav tv show stars are going to be there and i'm not 
 two of my close guy friends both blocked me today.
one said because he likes me, the other because i'm selfish.
lmao
 - Roxy!
She's a half German Shepherd and Collie..
she's absolutely lovely and I miss her lots 
i really wish my resume didn't look like a &quot;John Doe&quot; patient 
I'm at My Sister Graduation.
I am hungry.
This is so boring 
 i kno right.
we kinda said fuck the Layover bullshit and rented a car to finish off!
Otherwise it would be like 7 more hours 
 cooool!
i just watched the episode of lost where sawyer squishes a tree frog with his bare hand 
Nothing much...borred 
 haha totally, its crazy scary right now  did u get my email on yt??
my hair is a CATASTROPHE today.
ugh.
i miss being able to put it in a ponytail and call it good.
 i kind of hate you right now 
The house I was interested in just went Active Contingent  I have been worrying about someone else offering before my loan stuff was done.
Sitting around with the family at the beach house.....sad i only got 2 more days at hb!
 not meeeee 
Again the weather breaks into Celebrity Survivor!
I can't who for losing!
 wooohoo!
but i wish we were still talking 
Replies taking hours to appear,I apologise if I missed you 
My old kitty has cat scratch fever  I didn't even know that was a real thing!
Everyone, vaccinate your animals!
IDK!!
swine flu?
I might have it ouch !!
I lost my voice 2daez it suks real bad ae 
is one sick duck right now.
 ..
I would ..
Only i cant coz im not from america ..
..
I really hope he wins tho ..
Hes a legend ..
 WHAT are they going to do to the drive at Bay?
I think I misunderstood you.
I don't want it erased.
i think im having a caffeine withdrawal headache...
Has a massive bruise on my leg 
 ITS A SUPERNATURAL THING.
The little blond girl is evil 
 awww i'm sorry to hear that 
Off to work now...*sigh*, wish I could stay home and tweet with u all 
Do any affiliate programs give you all the keys to success?
go |Has a bad feeling about college 
I was on the top 10 ticketholders for the Target E-Gift Card on Raffstar, but now I'm 12 
 chick fil a!
fud ruckers!
i wish texas had in and our burger 
Oh God, please please please help me get out of bed today...
I soooo wanna chain myself and my pillows to bed and just sleep all day.
I hate waiting.
Heading to the graduation and tired of getting ready in a hurry not cool 
 Can.
Not.
Wait!
I will stay up to see what goodies you bring, since I am still waitlisted for you TSV.
I just bought the worlds greatest vibrater.
The cumsplosion 9000 for 300 is the best investment ive ever made.
But my batteries are dead 
 Yeah, that's a real bird.
Google shows white eggs with brown spots though.
D: So it's either that, blue jay, or robin.
Battery low   Time out for 20 minutes.
  awww I'm sorry well there is always next season
I am seriously regretting running this iPhone update.
Have been without a phone all afternoon.
&quot;An unknown error -9807&quot; 
starting another day of work.
Miserable.
I need to get out of this town, stat.
Away from all these thoughts in my head.
I hate running away 
Car is dead.
Loving Easton, OH..but miss wifey 
 Have you been able to try it out?
Unfortunately, it sounds like my 2G iPhone does not have a2dp 
Watchin So U Think U Can Dance n I dnt plan on voting lol.
Im also kindda disapointed cause he's not coming.
 Sadly they will sell out so fast and end up at regular Jimmy Choo prices on ebay!
Feeling very sluggish after having not played tennis for three days.
I feel bad: I slept instead 
had a great workout for the second time today and really tired!!!
6miles aint as easy as it sounds!!
Gotta njoy time wit ron b4 he leaves 
 Summerlicious sound delicious.
Sadly I don't think I will be in Toronto this summer.
Heard great things about it.
hates the consumer culture.
Having said that, I *desperately* want an iPhone.
Playing sims.
By my lonesome.
What the fuuuuuuck?
An Elliott Smith song is going to be in guitar hero 5.
I think he must be rolling in his grave 
i wish tennis didn't end tomorrow 
 master chief is bawling his eyes out.
This is the one big downfall of 360's.
 Aw  I hope it doesn't come near you.
 I didn't hear it though!!
I guess.......
Feeling insecure about my clothes, of all things, after reading conformist fashion blog.
went to the libs with water, cruskets, a sanga, a textbook, lecture notes, ipod extra clothes, and a beanie.
but FORGOT HER NOTEBOOK.
 *AHEM* except...they won't let me buy a hamburger until it's over...very sad 
Listening to new Suicide Silence.
It's not what I thought it would be  Still good thou
Missed Italian today.
I have such a bad headache.
I'm going to be so behind now.
argh!
Lol apple devices used on windows..they didnt have the river and hd to reset thier windows comp 
 my in-laws live in Michigan and have the same problem 
 unfortunately doesnt look like da rain will stop 
Having a day of sick leave.
 only a bit over 13 hours until your birthday!!!!
Our card wont get there this week though  but it will get there!!
will soon give in ..
has already half given-in ..
..
its just a matter of time ..
:'(
about to go to school  but the good thing is that i will be getting a call from short stack today AWW YEAHH!
 i cant cuz coco isnt followin me 
 well o2 website has this to say but I dunno.
grrrr its all so complicated 
 don't say that i'll cry  hahah
 Oh...
behind the times I am.
okay my sisters are taking me to Jamaica for my bday in October so I still have time to get it together...swimsuit!?!?!?!
Taking my Kia to permanently park it somewhere off our street.
I get confused switching back to it.
fiestamo..
I don't like being sick.
is still babysitting waiting for mummy to come home..
do not like being all alone 
 It does suck...
She's opted to live with my mom &amp; dad for an indeterminate time cuz  &amp; I are apparently evil.
 I can't get into chat 
i wish i went to the laker parade 
 I'm gonna miss manno so much 
Don't have time to read through all the tweets anymore.
I've lost my place in the loop.
I'm wishing I was in Boston.
I officially hate retainers!
My mouth hurts so bad!
 361733 problem is still not solved 
Logging onto this site for the first time because my Mother made me.
At work 
I hate sitting at home 
99 problems but a chick ain't one...(I just got in trouble for that tweet) 
liking the iphone 3.0 stuff except her iphone is definitely slower now 
Upset at all the drama between my housemates in the burg and our landlord.
Sorry I'm not there  and  
   storms are scary!
nursing a sprained back muscle.
this is incredibly annoying 
i think my twitter life is coming to a close!
i'm missin out on all the talk!
but i'm gettin paaaaaiiiiid!
 I don't know how to work this   I feel like an ol' lady.
It says I have 8 followers, but I see 2.
P.S.
Spain was fabulous!
so i don't wanna watch i survived a japanese game show tonight 
 I'm so frustrated with piano right now!
Took the MSaT (MN State Aptitude Test) Result: Turn in your bunt pan, Cheesehead - 32%.
My whole family failed!
twittering.
looked @ a house today, made an offer!
saw a box turtle and wanted to keep it, but eric wouldn't let me 
 oh no!
sorry to hear about your vacay delay 
i hate being sick.
it's so miserable.
 thankq!!
Drew such a crappy pert diagrm  now time to paarrtaaay!!
Hav fun studying!!
No live show tonight  sorry guys!
I'm busy editing
Nothing to dooo!
  sorry dude.
It will e better once you are closer over here
Ahhh...finally relaxing.
Really really long day and oh so sore from workout last night.
 wait, what?
Oh fuck it was haha.
 May be there and may not 
My dog chewed up my fav brown sandals w a pink polka dot design.
I was gonna sport them in Hawaii.
Bad doggie!
quin wants to play on a big trampoline..
my eyes are hurting sooo bad, but i still need to do more revision for tomorrow's synoptic paper which i'm probs gonna fail anyway 
but i can't.
they have all the control at my school, and they managed to get to my boyfriend before i could...
he hasn't called in weeks 
 Why is my  3.0 iPhone update taking so long?
- tweeting , studying , bed ..
no exams tomorrow , friday and monday though ..
STUPID !
whooo needs exams !?
To tom.
.
.
So basically it is also ridonkulous here.
No joke.
I don't like storms anyway.
opening again tomorrow and friday 
Just broke down and bought an external drive.
To bad im like, 20 feet from a power source.
 You must figure it out!!!
I miss your updates.
Watching the Yankees........
WE ARE LOSING TO THE NATIONALS?!!!??!!
What!!
I want Jose back!!
I just aye chips and now I'm coughing 
 They're notorious for this sort of thing.
Sorry   It's a Seattle tradition.
I'm extremely burnt from the sun 
I want an Iphone, and a Wii, and a DS, and a video camera, and a portable external harddrive, and and and....
I need more money 
someone help me with this chorus  xgraceannx im me or something.
Watching 'Dead Like Me' with friends, trying out new Magic deck.
Need to make banana bread!
No eggs ftl 
 no cuz my comp isnt working 
 hey lauren!!
i wish i could go to your book signing  my friends r going tho!!
U R AWESOME!!!!
i baking in the tanning bed...the weather sucks outside 
 I went to the hunter gatherer and they said you weren't playing 
I'm still enjoying paradise but I had to reject a marriage proposal  Why do men always try to rush into that with me?
Dinner was wonderful
Don't feel good 
 maybe lotsa punctuation, but not so much truth: &quot;Cera&quot; twitter ain't the real guy: 
missing so much Gaby, Mune, Titi &amp; Davito 
 When not overrun with Chicago hordes, my bench is the broken one with a perfect view of the lake.
I miss it now 
 Where aaaaaaaaare you?
I wanted to muse all day but you're not around 
Time to go home...
and work...
 sorry sir, 
Pictures are done for today.
Love them.
Also love walking with my dad.
I almost made him run up the hill with me.
Didn't work.
So fuckin tired and my throat hurts.
Last night was fun!
Me and katryna found the best apartment ever.
I miss my friends already 
 why did you block me?
i was just so happy that you replied to me     it made my day!!!
cheers from alex
parade was fun, got sunburnt and waited in traffic a total of 5 hours today  overall good day!
 yes the camry 
 loll no, Ms Shek 
 I'll be a fuckin angel jus to be seen with you.
Are you Serious!?
Wowzer!
We dont have girls of ur calibur down here.
 it hasnt been that nice out lately I think it supposed to rain friday 
The new upgrade for the iphone messed my iphone up!!
it dont work any more 
Hey what time you got?
it's 01:45 here   (RachelSexton live &gt; 
I want ice cream 
 oh, how I wish I could come to your first show..
but I live in BRAZIL  DEMI, PLEASE COME BACK!
WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH &lt;3
 i think it'd start late naman eh.
 omg yes ur shirt is better than mine 
is really sick right now  i dont like it!
 why a bad day?
k.
things are hitting my window...
pigs must be flying in tampa???
omg...
scary scary thunder...
i dont even have my dog 
 just checking in to see how the show is going.
Of course I can't watch it at work.
 Its not on youtube.
hates to think of what to wear for work 
What a song right?
dirtttyyy.
WELL!
Mom's off too work.
home alone for me 
Was supposed to be doing Autism training but they told me to go home, I was so upset.
 first off;; i'm hardly spoiled;; second;; i'm tired;; i worked 13 hrs straight &amp;&amp; you know what kind of shoes i wear  save me
 im glad we have the confidence..if only we had rossi 
i wish i had a cardboard box and a blanket right now  i hate seeing abandoned animals in the middle of the road
wow that nap was needed n i feel good!
But i'll prolly be late 4 class 
I miss my brother!!!
He's been gone 4 a week 
My Internet connection has died.
What I wouldn't give to be able to use iFon as a modem.
Figures.
 haha..gurl i know.
In love them 2.
esp some cloves ugh..
i wanna smoke one now  but i gotta stop if i wanna get back in shape
Being home by myself at night is so lonely 
noooo not enough blood 
is thinking it is bed time, got hosp tomorow woo 
Sore throat 
 didn't get your drunken message on the mob 
 if only I liked seafood  Better half does tho
Real mad my net stopped working outta no where currently on the phone with Verizon Tech support 
 bored&amp;&amp;my foot is killing me.
hopefully I can still go to sandhills this weekend!!making my RAMEN N00DLES so I can take my medicine.
brb
we'll never make it  
had fun with the Sims 3, sadly had to part ways.
Hoping it won't rain so much tomorrow 
Eff you, nightime bus schedule!
Won't get home until 8:45 now cause I got out of work two minutes late 
Just saw the last episode of Pushing Daisies and I feel empty inside.
i miss  's tweets 
Woke up.
Or rather got up to an empty house  waiting on mollie to come back!
Holy crap!...
Its nearly 2am!!!...
I gots to get to bed!
I've got work in the morni...
actually i have work in a few hours...
bugger!
bad day 
Miss him more then he can imagine 
0mg i slept all day!
Haha n0w im in pierre waitin in the heat 2 play.
I MiSS EVAN!
 poor girl   I only went cuz it was our snack day.
made cute loot bags, gave 1/2 2 other team, 1/2 our team didn't show.
i have 2 take my own!!
 true ..
It's sad when people have to get that angry 
 damn .
we will figure something out .
 those where some hurtful words  
I'm suppose to be working on my book.
.
.but i'm not motivated.
.
WOW :O I hope your ok sean  &lt;3
It is becoming increasingly clear that the Democratic party is out of touch with the realities (physical and climactic) of global warming 
GREAT, i didn't study portuguese n history today.
I HAVE A TEST TOMORROW!
actually, two.
that's when i hate guitar.
damn 
 lol awww I wanna see a pic 
  No love from Bing?
I got red roses, surprisingly.
But Bing got my name wrong.
You'd think a search engine would get it right!
   I don't get it....
bored..
&amp; i hate this taste in my mouth..
BLEH!
i need to hurry up &amp; get better!
everyone's going out!!
Except they had a GT.
~Sigh~ I miss my GT.
 I KNOW!
However i need to go to bed , i have Yoga 2maro Morn@6am 
my tummy hurts 
At the mall with my GF.Does anyone have some bamboo to shove under my nails?
It would be so much more soothing.
Doh!
Erie Blvd lanes is closed  off to alternate location for bowling.
sooo tired.
studying again, then off to bed, math exam in the morning.
i hate rain and being sick 
someone text me  I'm so bored.
Still waiting for our Sprint store to get the Palm Pre back in stock 
I think it's a wrap on this pc....won't let me download nothing!
 i know but it doesn't feel like it still working and volunteering and doing apps now...i'm stressed out 
: i waited for 22 minutes.
Oh well.
Maybe next time.
 aww thanx so much.
im so sick right now I feel like I could die.
headache+tummyache=no fun 
 ahh i didnt buy it yet i havent left the house since school yesterday 
doing homework from scool 
 you better not be offended!
Did you run today?
I didn't.
Getting ready for Tybee, Miley and fun!
First have to clean my condo though 
Is it bad that I am on Facebook in the middle of a research group meeting.
There are only 3 of us in the group...
off to bed, up early in the morning 
Bored...
But YAYS!
I got excepted into the PACE program.
&gt;.&lt; Hehe.
But now I've gotta attend college classes during the summer.
 my jodeci moves aint workin on u ?
(damnit back 2 the drawingboard) (disappointment  wit N.
Dynamite voice) 
 no   is going to costa rica...
not today though
 yeah--maybe someone was protesting my House floor tweets.
Was swimming but the thunderstorm warning stopped me.
Maybe later.
Cant wait for satursay but at the same time dont want it to come.
AA3 is too buggy to play.
And I waited hours to get it.
Hope they fix the bugs soon.
Go Army Beta Testing!
lol
I was just called hipster scum on the street 
 Aww I hope it will be soon!
I don't think she looked very comfy though  SYTYCD
Whats the point of having wisdom teeth when theyre gonna have to get pulled out anyway 
&quot;sometimes only one person is missing and the whole world seems depopulated.&quot; truer than true.
i miss my baby 
 i've been slaving away at all this work i needed to do and i'm still not finished 
Friends with swine flu...
::hugs::
grrrrr I just pulled something in my neck....I hate when that happens!
it hurts 
Around the house!
Still Sick 
F%#^kin' budget cuts!
I was able to find another calculus class, but it's during rugby  gonna kick ass @ tomorrow's practice!!
 tell me about it  Better be worth it..
   My son is headed in that direction.
I found a soapy sink full of wires, screws and AA batteries last week.
 naww  im sick so ive been sleeping in for ages
 *HUGS* Sorry it's so hard for you  Wish there was something I could do!
 this makes me upset   But yey on the job front.
found the new single, it's amazing.
Be proud.
Espresso martini.....yummy.
And yes, goin for dessert   lol
OK, the cable wasn't out, it was operator error so I missed the Big Red Balls for nothing............
Maybe i wont be doing anything this summer.
I might fail my english final.
afta reachin h also i got work to do, 
I've watched 5 episodes of house + could quite happily carry on....
I do however have a small 11hr shift tomoro so unfortunately CANNOT 
 3.0 is ok can't wait for at&amp;t to get the mms up and running!!!
 I'm only blipping sad songs ..
'cause I'm not going to Phoenix.
sigh..
just saw this listed on ebay i want it sooooo bad 
 i agree!
i credit ppl when i can....sometimes it gets hard to if u find it uncredited already 
 Yeah, AT&amp;T doesn't have a good enough network to support their MMS and internet tethering.
That is why other countries have it 
man my neighbors baby been cryin for an hour.
my damn head is hurting 
skeeter Bs for ladies night and John's birthday...then surgery in the morning 
Just finished running for today!
blahh
  Well they don't know what they're missing!!!!
I've ordered from GlamourDollEyes &amp; SudnSass cause of your vids.
 I want cookies.
wants a new phone!
My phone keeps randomly turning off, piece of crap!
And my E65 has run out of warranty, can't repair it!
Bahh
Aww damn man, i jus remembered..
I gotta go to work.
Aint that a bitch 
 I thought you was gon change that 
my new mac just ate my cd it wont come out!
 Ooooh, lucky.
My sister's ex-bf used to build computers and I was like, GAH I JUST WANT A LAPTOP, and then they broke up.
  We're all too dangerous to be together.
I think that's why we've all seperated ourselves from each other.
I'm just saying, we all USED to agree that he sucked monkey balls, but, opinions have changed because of his recent &quot;success&quot;.
Whatever.
 and sorry by the writing but I do not speak English I am of Guatemala        
and excuses by the writing but I do not speak English I am of Guatemala      : and excuses by the wr..
Just left the beach!
Its so nice down there  nice SIGHTS!
Haha wish I could live there 
 i'm not ugly 
 Ok thanks...I had to update my itunes first...PISSED 
 Still haven't fixed it?
 how did this become my life???
 ok - where do I find my pin 
Sometimes I think I do not belong here 
I really want to get my phone fixed...
It's getting worse by the day!
Hope your having a good day at work Dan...I miss you 
 rofl yes Khadijah was a pimp indeed.
I miss all the old shows 
i just wanna play guitar hero world tour!!!
agghh   
Its a crime when you can't find your fishnet stockings.
 i really hope not 
Drippy and wet, no fireflies this evening.
 hey beautiful!
just thought id say hi real quick since I havent talked to you in awhile 
Diamond ranch's graduation!
I miss high school 
 The moment TRU crashed 
t realised, i really miss my  
My feet hurt.
 Thanks, I try, but sometimes it isn't enough.
Atavan helps lots.
Playing Sega's Let's Tap - dissapointed it didn't co E with it's own tapping box 
 aww I tried to get on that call today but it was full  they are great!
 tried replying to your last message but failed.
Anyway, no, my last website was unfortunately lost.
Making a new one now.
If...
lo iem thi qua  .
Sao ai cung toan loai trung binh vay (
Im finally home.....I need.
A damn drink today was rough 
 that completely sucks dude!
The metro is scaarrryyy 
I'm making diner tonight I'm nervous 
how do i send sum1 a direct message on this thing?
Tummy hurts  idk why....
 im sad...tear!
trying not to think about stressful house stuff but my mother keeps reminding me 
 Same thing with PCs.
I had it happen with a Dell.
But they replaced it because they put the latching mechanism inside the glass.
 My placenta accidentally thawed out when our freezer died.
Just found another bug bite on my shoulder  Never going camping again.
so no bowling and trav had a really bad day.
watchin a movie at his place..
 LOL it's true.
but it's main because we are in construction mode  we crammed a lot into office  (
 pretty good but nothing REALLY special since no MMS yet 
 why do i only see 214k followers?
i saw that screenshot.
goodluck!
=p FOLLOW !!!!
;)
is home...
remembering 
 Sound like my worst nightmare, not my sort of film at all 
 Yeah good night.
&lt;3
 er, I left my phone at home.
Sowie!
PS If this wasn't to me.
i COMPLETELY understand  {tear}
Two toddlers transitioning into different daycare rooms = extreme crabbiness @ home 
 I'm not able to send DM's today???
I'm don't have anything currently scheduled for this month 
 I don't like it when puppies get their ears cropped either, neither babies nor puppies seem to have a choice 
what a great day outside, pity that i am stuck in the office today 
 
 i want chai  im sick atm
babysat all day, home with a migraine 
 Oh my,I don't have that type of money for the conference 
Ugh, I really wanna watch US vs.
Brazil in the confederations cup tomorrow, but its on at 6:30am 
 i disagree...
trust the fashion writer.
feathers are fun...
except for birds 
HELP!
I've been captured by plot monkeys and it's time to put the young'ns down.
No stories or songs tonight.
Motherfail 
 Goodstuff but I cant trust your links at work anymore 
beware: an innocent looking coding update can drag you into the middle of the night.
 I'm addicted to purely decadent ice cream 
 Ppsshhh!!!
you know ima get back on point after wards or else you won't shoot with me 
Yay OS 3.0 is installed.
Too bad it's not that exciting 
 Im in Jacksonville, FL.
Its wack.
 yea dat wasn't bad..
I want me some !
Waiting for my dvd in the mail.
When are you going to arrive?
At the airport massaging..
Getting sleepy 
got like insomnia haha seriously cannot sleep  any ideas people 
 Miss u too!
I'm not sure if I'll make it there   We're supposed to go to NY on Sat.
But not sure if we'll have time for Boston
My feet never touch the floor on these dayum NYC MTA buses.
Jeremy is gonna send me to the nut house !
 no kiddin', problem is, they own nearly *all* of the credit card's out there now.
.
.
they wanted power, they sure got it.
trying VERY hard not to turn into the green monster 
 It is a pity this person in business a suit.
Possibly many problems 
 nothing...
THE SALES ARE BETTER NOW!!!
nah i was poor then and i'm still poor now...
i do limit my trips now tho...
just woke up from my loooooong nap!
...
now to study for math 
omg i hate this movie it sucks 
i am so bored and sad 
  its really not your week.
Things will get better though xo
does not want to work a split tomorrow!
OS 3.0 installed - tethering disabled on Vodafone 
ow!
scratched myself really damn hard 
Its a nice day out.
To bad I'm stuck at work   go live up today enough for the both of us!
GBM  sucks.
Watching people die from it sucks more.
When those people have 4yo little girls...it's supremely sucky.
 umm...
why don't we hang out anymore?!?
All everyone does is work!
is in a battle with Corporate Finance, screw investments, bonds, stocks, and their decisions 
Heading to Sydney for a few weeks.
No techno/electro love = no gigs 
UP made me cry lots 
 it says in the lower 60 with rain off and on all day  I might have to break out the Red sox hoodie!!!!!
quero um Pocket Edward   lendo burning sun
 Usually starts at about 7pm (though people get there early and stay til around 10pm).
I can't make this months, sadly 
My green avatar didn't work.
 What happened??
You had it for years?
lost my blackberry messenger contact list.
please add me again 
 I wanna join the copy &amp; paste parties...but I also need my jailbreak.
I can wait 
longest day of my life............
work is done now its time to play..................and i didnt get that pony today  maybe tomorrow....
Last wednesday night of my yoga professional program.
So sad 
   I wish you were here 
Soooo very sad!
My heart aches 
missing   
My foot is hurting again  I wish I could figure out why...
says down 
all my posts are getting ficked up 
 ohhh.
 but but i'm sure you have internet access at work.
we are not allowed to use it for any non-business purpose, even the news 
 - Tastes hell good bit its the wrong texture  sad times
 yeeaaa  unfourtunately
Meeting the design group today...
I thought I could avoid school for at least a bit longer 
Happy Hump Day!
I hope you all have wild and crazy sex and think about me...
I don't think I have the energy today to have it myself 
Aagh!!!
I wanna play Sims 3!!!
I'm way too obsessed!!!
Ugh!
I need to play!!!
consubfm
 lol...
I just wanna play with it...
but cant 
Nursing orientation went well today.
Have a horrible headache!
 I tried to find some blublockers today at Walgreens..
no where to be found 
i'm fat.
i'm so effing sore from braveheart.
for reals.
kids are soaking wet from the pool and dripping all over my carpet  grr.
 my sisters puppy chewed through my charger so it's not gonna work until i get a new charger   
Great night last night.
today at work on the other hand was not fun at all!!!!
and back at it at 5 in the morning 
 How come????
Now I'm pretty upset!
Sent it to the Sao Paulo's number, not Sorocaba's...
my mind is not working ive been staring at the same piece of paper for atleast an hour 
 Not till we wed &amp; file for him to get residency status here.
- I hate being offered an opportunity you know you can't take...
The right decision isn't always the fun one 
Full tea with Heather + infant = Epic Fail!
For some reason Morgan hates me to eat and if she sees, starts crying 
 Sahtea??
Where's ours?
Picked the most humid day on record to take beach photos.
I straightened the hair, and had spiral curls by the time we hit the sand.
fb
this crappy weather is bringing me down 
 Me too 
 Marks pepsi one went really well but I think mine had to much alcohol in it 
im freaken exhausted...
walked 4 miles!!
im super duper duper dark!
and i havent eaten.
working alone at the office.
ha-ha.
wanna go home  or get drunk...
aahahahahaah
 i've had too much of his shit.
I'm getting ready to start pulling my hair out.
   that's okay, another day  we will all have to hang.
i got an EMA letter today.
basically it said, &quot;Your application is currently being assessed.&quot; USEFUL INFO THERE!
What a waste of trees...
 
Downloading iP(od touch)hone 3.0!
Tried this afternoon but servers were flooded.
lost her tonque ring 
This house has been filled with people for the past 3 nights..now it's empty, and I feel lonely 
 thanks Ryan - can't make it today unfortunately 
Another day @ the suburb 
 Sorry you feel crappy cuz.
she was like &quot;nice of you to tell me after the doctor's office closed&quot; i was like &quot;i didnt know anything was wrong&quot;its all red &amp; hot 
 this is grimlok from last NA beta event cant make this weekends event  and lost vent info ...
but happy they have a armory now
I hate working!
Someday I'll get away from this place...If bitch and moan all the way there, I shouldn't be there 
 uugghh sista I need to go shopping with you my bag game is getting weak 
On my way to 's with soup for he is my lil sick baby  siiike life litteraly
 I feel u bruh..I ain't had no replies all day  and I didin't know you were a singer..u got any YT clips of your work?
I am at Deva's house...
It kinda sucks to be here.
No electricity yet  How long will this go on?
 Dr.
Drew, you've forgotten about me.
where's my prince charming?
i miss him  and miss orkut?
where are you?
;~
so I know the day isn't over yet but i didn't reach my goal of 100 followers  followers
 I know u hate me cause everyone else is on ur top friends except me.
How can I connect SCSI hard drives to a computer with no SCSI ports?
Ah, shucks.
 why are you booing me?
What did I do to you?
Woe is me..
 can't believe it!
another one!
NO PLEASE NO!
and I have no $ 4 call u tomorrow 
 AM meetings suck!!
Waiting in a LONG line for the restroom.
The men's line is much shorter 
 hey, very RANDOMLY found ur videos on youtube and laugh my bum off.
Keep it up!
...those poor cows 
 IDK DC summers are out of control...Its been raining forever!
Seriously depressing 
 wooo is my turn..??
i wanna go 2 ur concert...!!!
i hate how u can't tweet more the 140 letters 
 Fuck!
I'm gonna be there but leaving the 22nd 
 I wish!!
so mad i missed the tryouts for the fair thingy i even wrote a song i was even singing it in front of ppl to see if they liked it 
Saadia, Logan, Josh Y., I really hope you guys don't move too far away and leave me behind.
All alone in the apartment tonight 
Wish I had gotten to spend more time with the Chambers clan.
 YEA AND YOU JUST WENT OFFF!!!!!
ON ME 
 Oh, ouch!
I only cast on the wrong number of stitches a few times in a row.
 I don't that movie is my style 
I feel bad, this headache is very strong!!!
sometimes it bothers to be sick...
Was forgotten about again today   that is so sad.
Seems to be a pattern lately.
Maybe I should just leave and he wouldn't even notice
tomorrow i will go to my friend house i promised her i will , i have cold and wished i d stay all the day on bed but have to 
siblings r buggn me out rite now ..
i need a vacation 
watchin House of Payne now.......
then i'm gonna watch Meet the Browns...
i love theseshows.....(wanna work wit Tyler Perry so bad!!!!) 
Rip susie q my dog.
I went out of town a few weekends ago when she died.
rip susie q...
Miss you sweetie.
We hit a bunnyyy  traumatized 
I am wondering why I let you do this to me.
Just filled in job application form.
Need job so bad!
i have this seriously bad headache!
is hangen to get to the goldy  but dont think its gunna go down :&quot;( so sad
Saadia, Logan, Josh Y., I really hope you guys don't move far away too and leave me behind.
 I miss training- wish I had the time, school takes up too much time 
wishes i could work with horses all summer, too bad the ranch is so far away 
 - ARGH its so ugly from twitpic  we see all the errors i made on it!!!
 ur outfit sounds cute!
hang in there u will find something!!
very hard to fond v.experienced ppl 
I'm home in Hillsboro for 3 days!
Then back to Eugene forever to work.
 nothing!
THE SALES ARE BETTER NOW!
nah SERIOUSLY...
i THINK all i do limit my trips now tho...
 I DO!
But I can't go 
FML...im broke as a joke and the joke ain't funny at all 
My fingers still hurt...
  no more Brazilian waxes...now I just NAIR  Gross
 Yeah well...
I gave that link to someone like 3 weeks ago and they still didn't fix her account..
 yep..I toke a break once, I was so proud of myself.
then, I relapsed!!
 haha I wish it was that simple.
lol it's super frustrating either way 
88 in my apartment...yet i dont want to turn the air on   I think I'll cuddle with my fan.
 I googled it..
too bad it's in Cali and I'm not ..
misses , as it looks like Ponderland was pulled after one ep on AUS telly  *sobs* PS.
love to all !!
 nothing!
THE SALES ARE BETTER NOW!
nah SERIOUSLY...
i THINK all i do limit my trips now tho...
eeeeeeeeeekkkkkkkk 
my package experienced an &quot;exception&quot;.
why does this always happen to me.
why couldn't someone just sign for it.
Subway restaurant kicking us out 
These breaks aren't long enuf!
Im hungry!
can someone send me a meal plz?!
no one will text me  
 i am online 
  I bought 1 for my bedroom toilet thinking it would keep it cleaner.
My bedroom smelled like an arena bathroom for over a month.
The usual drive twords the end of the rainbow.
No rose colored gold will be there today.
feels like ship..that's right...ship, that's how shitty I feel  squarespace
the directions failed me.
came home from my chipotle search empty handed.
 Team A - Team B = 
iPhone 3.0......
Not really impressed 
 vou sim no show, mas nao vou de vio nao 
 needless to say i am extremely worried, as we have had no communications 
No fun emails.
Only one fun text about baby Val.
 i wish i could goooooooooooo  my job doesnt pay me enough lolll.
but i love you.
i saw you in hartford with jb &amp; avril on 7/26
 I have no Atticus gear.
 i'll be in guatemala  remembaaa?
 aha sweet.
well im here.
having a mental breakdown over the fact that i may have to wait till 1pm to updte my iphone.
 why you wasn't so happii..
roast beef, salami, and muenster cheese...f-en great sammich....til the rock hard bread killed it for me 
 that's so cool  hahah-i could be there in a heartbeat except for the fact that i'm not 20 or whatever &amp; am not there 
 OH YEAH!
LOL!!
I miss New York City 
 sooo cute.
I want one.
i miss my friends and family 
I'm just feeling so damn blah today.
I hate it.
Can't breathe, heart beating fast, need air, getting dizzy...
Sounds like I'm inlove, but I've done that!
I'm feeling sick 
 you were in my neighborhood Little Italy..and i didnt see you...
im sad 
 So very sad.
 , I heard from a little bird that you're coming to the Dusable Museum in Chi and it's sold out.
Say it ain't so!.
O well
 MMS is great now on iPhone, finally!
That sucks you have to wait 
 ur link r broked  pls try again
summer sucks.
i have alergies and thanks to my sinus infections i have to take about a bajillion pills.
uggg whens school gonna start.
 Yeah, looked at the 4 updates I've had so far and all pretty standard updates.
No exciting updates.
 Oh no!
I'm so sorry to hear that!
I wish I could do something to help you!
 tummyache; bout time 2 exercise &amp; cut greasy foods; time 2 figure out what 2 do bout wrk hrs; im getting ready the ride of a lifetime.
&lt;3
 LOL I hate to shop   I'm like a guy I go in get what I want and get the hell out !
On my way home.
Wish I could find my sunglasses.
Bio regents tomarrow  fox rocks after it though!!
(what my friends don't know though is that I am actaually leading them to their doom) ha
Finish up my nutrition and wellness class tomorrow.
Then start on chem...soon it will all be over, and then fall semester starts 
what i want more then anything is  tickets , i always somehow seem to miss them everytime they come 
Im so tireed !
aagh 
 I would assume that the gym has a security camera.
I should ask for a copy.
This isn't my first treadmill spill 
my lower body hurts!
 I know - I wish!
 I am eager now, I just gotta wait out Mother Nature.
home from NYC  I cried when I got home because I want to goback next week.
uploading pictures...
laptop fell off the couch and now the power cord and battery don't seem to be communicating.
 Yes, please do.
The people who seem to be sending the msg.
have no idea it's been sent from their acct.
 just lost two followers.
sniffle sniffle.
oh well!
time to celebrate getting into graduate school at Wichita State University!
 im graduating tommorrow 
is it me or is this new 3.0 update killing the battery in the older 3G??
More sleep please !
 Youre in toronto!
sorry i cant to the PPP premiere tomorrow.
!
i have  school!
 Hello!
I wish I could be at the premiere tmrw.
UGH!!!!!!!!!
I'm losing a great party!!
 come on Khloe reply , i'm only 15 , what can i actualy do to you  :p !!
whyyyy me!?!?!....confused...
Yeaaaaaaa finally finished with history class.
Now I'm home with my poor sick baby  she needs her mommy.
Watching so u think u can dance
 I'm here, its hot as hell 
Getting ready to go to bed, 14 hour work days drain me 
Im not good at waiting at ALL!
     &gt;( &gt;(  i'm mad and sad right now.
Played so terrible today in both soccer and basketball.
Damn touchscreen anyway like I was saying I'm mad I missed smoothie night 
Really wishing my bff was here in ep right now 
I can't believe the Chess concert on PBS right now.
It's not nearly as good as I wanted it to be.
Is sad, because I lost my internet connection in a middle of an episode of firefly (hulu) 
 I'm in a pool with other applicants 
Obligatory &quot;I just upgraded my iPhone&quot; post...
meh...going to jailbreak friday...I want video recording back (I have a 1st gen  )
 Does email push really not work?
so tired and its raining, i should be in bed but i'm at work 
 i know!!
Ughhhh...I feel soooo sick and I have a test to study for!
This is why I hate exercising.
Migraines and nausea...this can't be normal.
So Tired, Art Exam Tomorrow...studying 
Poopoopoop i need some brown sugar and we're all outttttttt 
SO FUCKING SLEEPY T_T.
Have to study 
 i wish you were coming to boston 
Found my Dark Knight and Moulin Rouge DVDs.
.
.
they were in my fucking DVD case.
But I can't find Stand by Me 
 i love my lovely...
and trust me i know how you feel, today wasnt a good day for me either 
Long day and still goin 
listening to Harout online at great song - (we're not going to be 20yrs old anymore 
I need plans for the summer!
At work right now, staying late 
 So do we  Did you get your water back, at least?
went to the doctor, sinus infection start of an ear infection, body aches...could it get any worse?
camp meeting really dont wanna go!
 wow, can't believe I got home before you!!
Sucks  u should take the train tomorrow.
Packing for Camp!
Sorry, I won't be on anything until Sat.
afternoon!
Sorry 
Trying out tweetchat thanks  something is up with tweet grid tonight  fitfam
 Sorry  I'm making puppy dog eyes!
What about Friday after 1:00pm as I'm taking Bobby Kitten to the vets!
Love yoooous 
 Just about to Tweet the same thing.
That's the first thing I tried to do 
Bored with Twitter 
a lido' tired -_- graduation tomorrow  yaay .
im gonna' miss eighth grade 
Anybody having trouble renting movies from iTunes, with either iPhone 3.0 or just desktop?
Wanted to watch Gran Turino on plane tomorrow 
NOOOOOO!
flooding at work = not good = lots of cleaning in the am    FML
 ...
*bangs head on desk* thanks for clarifying; all words that come to mind right now are expletives, shan't subject you to it 
 this is only the second time since lilys been born I have had to do bedtime for her (3mo) and Jonah (2yrs) all alone.
Went knitting and actually knit, but still not feeling the 'knitting mojo' or whatever it is.
I'm trying, which is something right?
 i knowww  i was bummed i didnt get it  i wanted to see that drunken msg so badlyyy haha
i hope to make it to my 930am meeting 
got into summer school..
thankfully now i can get health over with!!!
next summer i have to take geography 
  oh my ge you bitch!
i wanted some!
being a stan of  isn't getting me anywhere  I need to chill out!!!
 posting below the twitpic, saying he is ugly 
...
miss you like a mutter...
 good luck at the premiere!
I would be there but I have exams 
 they support is by the phone..
and mine doesnt have support at all 
I don't want to leave Laredo 
I'm coming down with a cold, or the flu, or swine flu, or ebola.
Contractors don't get sick leave 
I let my nerves and doubts get in the way of everything 
Just watched Wonder Showzen!
well they made a weird joke about mexicans yeah well, it was funny..
Im in my bros laptop again, mines dead 
im miss my boys so so much.
=( hope they call sometime really soon.
me too!!!
 i love my break apps   waiting on a new one to surface.
but my apps were fine
 I sent a message and now I'm just waiting on a reply.
I hate how people are able to do mean stuff like that!!
WTF is wrong with our cable connection, it's still not fixed 
Dad called.
He slipped in the bathroom and woke up 1.5 days later with blood all over the place.
is it next Wed yet?!?!
i miss my boyfriend!!!
I'm so sad I have to leave tomorrow.
Wont be released on Oz till june 26...
so we can't comment 
eu to com sooono 
 being a personal vendetta, the assholes won't regret a thing.
They got what they wanted.
Bad for team, members and fans though 
God broke our hearts to prove to us He only takes the best.
Rest in peace, Poppy.
 I should add, I'm not a doc, lol just speak on past experience.
It is not a fun feeling to have!
 I'm with you right up until the temperatures.
Just thinking about that makes me feel like sweating 
 what a jerk!!!
I'm suppose to be your fav 
 Yes!
My mom is still gone 
I'm loving that all of us iPhone users in Canada get to use MMS and Internet Tethering from day one!
Sorry, my American friends...
 haha girl i know!
and yes i do need some serious vitamins!
my immune system is running on fumes!
this is ridiculous!
Happy Birthday Paulina!!!!
I wish i can go to the concert...but no not me 
 you know it.
I'm gonna miss the little I'm sized windows.
 that's horrible  what a jerk.
Ugh.
Man...
Poor David  gotta love that boy
 good luck at the premiere!
I would be there but sadly, I have exams!
waiting on kids to shower so we can watch  Wipeout and Japanese Game Show.
Burgers were good, but my onion rings didn't turn out right 
sytycd This waltz is going to be the death of them...
sorry Vitolio and Asuka
Storms near Omaha r weakening.
No prob &amp; rain free for the Hog game ..
except the score    0 - 2 Virginia top of the 6th
 &lt;3 aw  im sorry...too bad u got to work
 LSAT class no fun without you 
Uh i lost my schedule now i have to go back up there and get another print off.
I need to make money so i can finish my sleeve 
 oops, my shitty day probably isn't helping your shitty day.
Sorry 
Going to the gym....wishin i was going to the dodger game  Rinacee
is depressed.
I hate the rain.
I can't believe that I'm blowing off going to yoga again.
It's been weeks since I've been to practice...
I'm in love.
But she's done with me.
This is history repeating itself.
I'm sorry.
I miss you Kairlin 
 - Joe and Nick!
haha lucky ur with them!!
jealous!
Greeeat.
Almost took the cat's head off taking out the recycling.
 
As normal, I cooked dinner...
Now I don't want to eat it 
lol im supposed to be studying for my English exam a long time ago i always say I will then i don't till very late   plz help
uuuuuuuuuuuuugggggggggggghhhhhhhhh feeling so down  not even Ghost Hunters is cheering me up
 ir sucks when somebody is not online&amp; you really wanna talk to thet person 
 i should be donating blood since im A- 
When it rains-Paramore 
 i always lose.
no matter how nice i am 
 Okay, then he's always scarying looking  
still have no idea how to work this and trying to stay awake cos we have guests 
 yeah it's always a bummer to get shitty wings 
 aww whyy??
where is ronnie,vex, &amp; all the other guyz??!
i wish people would stop talking when i try to watch my shows 
now the sky could be blue I don't mind without you it's a waste of time 
Today was..
pretty damn terrible.
Summer school sucks.
Foreigners suck.
Walks home hurt.
Old people suck.
No time with boy sucks 
I hurt my foot so bad  i mean, really?
gahhhh.
doesnt wanna take the global final tomorrow.
The new Iphone S won't be released on Oz till june 26...
so we can't comment 
 yeeep!
they're like brothers.
i don't know, people scare me sometimes...
miss you, dude 
 I'm sorry we broke you  
I hate it when you are trying to do laundry an only one machine available.
I got to get my own set 
 yes, yes they do  im afraid i have to make a couple myself soon...
GOSHERZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ HALEY!.!.!.!
i want something sweet 
 exactly!
i know a few people like that...one being my brother's gf...stupid n't stand her..lmmfao..have to deal 
it's official, another day nonstop and i feel horrible..
won't be able to get to sleep until about 230am.
blood sugar feels really low.
 - August   Well I have patience ;)
 They're starting the line in only 10 select stores.
Hopefully somewhere in GER will be on list, I am sure Norfolk is not.
 girl I don't even know!!
At least it turns on!
Could be worse!
 I wanna go!
please can I?
t-minus 6 hours 
 Awww 
trying to decide what movie to watch...
rele bored...
 I am lost.
Please help me find a good home.
 yeah right  astrid misses me i know it.
she told me.
  where u been?
 toooooo slow!!!!!!!!!!!
Hell off a day.Taking care of babie baptism.Not easy thing to do when thepriest keeps asking why didnt you get married at the church  
I hate being so confused like I am right now  it's embarrassing :/
walking down 11th.
lady had her door open.
such filth some people live in 
 just judging by the traffic, I would say more than three liked it.
many visit few vote 
Craving Applebee's Shrimp and Parmesan Sirloin, but remembering that Florida is only two months away 
Heartbroken that The Unusuals finale is tonight  I hate ABC,cancel a decent show but keep crap like Wipeout on the air!
savetheunusuals
How is KFC out of chicken.
What is the world coming too 
I just mr.
Belvedere'd myself.
Yeah, google it- its a thing 
Am not feelin too well  need plenty of rest..
TORNADO WATCH FOR MY AREA!!!!!!
omg 
I feel really yucky.
I just went to the jewish deli and got some chicken soup.
28 days without rain in Seattle.
That had to end...
today 
 and he has my car today so i feel naked!
you coming soda on saturday?
what doing friday night?
I wish I was at the Beverly Center in LA right now to meet .
Stuck at work in Newport Beach.
Im sick of not sleeping and im sick of whatever this fkd under eyes infection/rash.
Its been over a wk, puffy n itchy 
 about time!
i never got to see the snake.
butt hurts from falling.
and is getting stressed about plans and fitting everything in without running out of time this summer 
No Britney No More.
Hopefully she'll play again in the future and I'll go then
..
the hot choco burnt my tongue.
too late when i realized that it really was hot 
 I would if I had $150.
Work.
All summer 8-5 frick man..
i just wanna go to schoooL and shit money
And the basement (which my aunt chose not 2 renovate 4 good reason), looks like a dungeon.
The &quot;bad&quot; slaves were beaten and kept there 
Apparently getting to trivia 75 minutes early isnt early enough to get a seat inside  if it rains this could get ugly
 sorry to hear that!
but a yay to moving back to NJ?
 No I was asleep.
 well it didn't last long   oh well
 What a disappointing way to see that part.
Got a killer sunburn doing the summer reading project.
It hurts all the time.
 Yeah, that doesn't really sound like a good time 
 you are making me jealous 
 ME TOOO  fitfam bluebox fitfam
Applied for one of the volunteer positions on dA, but I guess I'm not qualified.
I still haven't received a reply.
Foami is super sad cause she is losing her job 
Erm...
no rainbow.
 I guess I'll be forking out for a set top box sometime soon then   Had to happen eventually I guess.
not feeling so well...
Everyone in my team at work are either overseas or at a client site.
I'm lonely 
 Aw, that stinks.
I would be so sad.
*hugs*
Ugh!
Cant sleep...So worried.
I really gotta find a job 'cos I sooo dont wanna have to sign on the dole  Sigh.
 not sure how long i'll be here   havn't felt to well we will see
I feel horrible I hope i'm not getting sick.
I've had this terrible headache since last night that Tylenol isn't fixing.
Neither is soup 
 his muscles hurt depending,on how he feels in the morn I may not let him work..
He said his arm still doesn't feel right 
Is watching so you think you can dance..
I miss dancing &lt;/3
 you just hurt my feelings 
 Hey!
I know how to drive!
its just that last time when I was learning I was nervous!
lol.
But yeah thats an awesome plan
wants a raspado with fruta 
 I know!
Too bad you couldn't hang out today 
whispers,&quot;hello, i miss you quite terribly&quot; 
 looks like i'm now in the studio tonight  Dave and John from the band will be there though, they'll say hi!
ahhhh!
Demi Lovato &amp; Selena Gomez are coming to Toronto for the premiere of PPP, and I can't go  
 We stocked up a week or so back, too.
Sad to hear it's gone.
think i ripped something  i need my Doc STAT!
now my belly hurts.
how the fuck do you eat tums.
I wish I had MMS right now 
At the dentist  i hate the dentist!
 I would love to live on the USA but unfortunately so far so I can get a sign of you 
  you never played the climb!
lol
 yeah, that's the only doubt...
Money gives niggas an excuse not to have an imagination....it's sad actually 
 - alritoo...looks like m gona b da only 1  oh well...gn people...i guess v'l c eather on later.
...
Hey Tweets,  I know it's been a minute and i've missed you all .
The iPhone has died andI had to wait till I got home to get on Twitter 
 didn't work well 
is stuck on stupid...i lost my phone..
 Clearly not 
I am angry with  She never answered me.
Hmmff!
Backupmytweets makes it sound like they can reach back further than Twitter, more than just the last 2,000 tweets.
Not true evidently!
 yea it was!
I hope so, so far I am disappointed 
 twug twug twug twug twug twug twug twug twug twug twug twug twug twug- I could really use one now myself.
 I think MSP would be needed instead of MSS; more expensive all around.
damn I'm sucking today at these contracts questions   If they weren't so inanely stupid and unrealistic maybe I would do better!
: My poor baby!
I want to hug him.
- 
Had a HORRIBLE night with the kids!!!!!
I know I should've exercised this morning, but it seems there's a lot of excuses to not doing it 
How does it feel to repatriate your lover back to her home country??
tough one
will i ever get my m&amp;g pics?
Gonna try to watch 'MythBusters' and 'The Othersiders/Survive This' at the same time...sorta.
Gosh, I hurt...
 All the new kits are gash, and they've lost the stripey socks 
 she told me she was 21 
what the heck is wrong with Wipeout tonight?!
I can hear the music but not there voices!
I am starting to give up on twitter text...
they really need to fix it 
Going to grab some $1 any size cokes from McDonalds...
I fail at quitting pop 
watching ty's baseball game..getting eaten alive by mosquitos 
I wish I was watching Degrassi...
Ick...iTunes is being a padoodlehead so I can't download the software update 
 sadness.
I was really hoping we would get news tonight.
 Maybe call the stadium?
maybe they can email it?
although I doubt it.
 no iphone icons in browser 
steph is recouperating after her accident.......
it may take awhile before she can partay again 
Does no one want to go to the comic store with me???
just used my new DevaCurl diffuser!
LOVE IT 5 stars!
not liking my new hair cut though, a little too short 
 only heard a snippet this morning, you were a bit croaky 
 - We missed it last night    Did you win any awards?
 that was a good idea...you should of had me put that on my form too!!
I know MORE people are def going to go to this one 
 I guess the part that looks for location is broken?
I'm upset with Binh right now.
He didn't show up today  I WANT MY BRACELET BACK BINH!
 No  Otherwise Id already have started making work for myself ;) The prick just stole my ICU round while I was in the bathroom!
 I found it on and they've just updated it saying he didn't plead guilty or innocent.
Poor David 
just found out cant get a new phone until july 11th 
Someone needs to warm me up 
reading more reviews just makes me want it more 
 I can't see any hosts either 
We are under tornado warnings  again
my pilates teacher is leaving    what am i going to do now?
 we gotta find lullz a job tho...
sleepy sleepy sleepy but I must going to the campus 
everyday feels like a monday, there is no escaping from the heart ache  sim fiquei triste com a noticia
Feeling a lot like crap today!
I've got a blocked and runny nose, sore throat, cough and just overall yucky feeling 
i hope these plugs in my eyeballs work!
i wanna wear my contacts again!!
 Why didn't you fly out of Ontario?
From Curious in Ontario...and beers are expensive in the airport.
~Michael~
Pensando en Todo lo que paso hoy &quot;Im thirteen now And dont know how my friends Could be so mean&quot; Mal Dia 
Sadly  there are no Sonic's in Chicago.
Believe me, I searched my whole year at school.
You'd have to take the Metra forever 
Angered!
Rachel made me cheat on my fast of no profanity.
i strongly dislike her right now.
Watchin my lil sis play while my parents shop  not cool
My brother got approved for the marines 
 probably his nerves   those orangutans are probably swinging like crazy...
 i think it was like 1.60 ?
or even max 1.80 without prawns ?
even popiah price go up but pay packet no change 
Headache feel drained  I wanna go home &amp; rest
 mmm pommes frites!
those are delicious!
i'd offer to join you, but i've got a final i'm supposed to be studying for.
  u can block u don't have to go!!!
 my local proxy won't let me download it.
I'll have to go to an internet cafe.
Excited about it though.
rite now i am studying for my midterm for my sport n a changing society class.....ughhhh boring 
missing everyone like craaazyyy 
 it's true.
Your voice is amazing.
You can go from one emotion to another.
Would luv 2 see u in concert but I'm broke.
 - Anyone know what kind of spider this is?
Just found him, a web and 3 big eggs in my garage 
 o yes house of payne I can't believe the little boy is moving I love him  I dont watch meet the browns my mom said its funny
I' m so sunburt that I can't wear the  
 oh dear.
sorry for the paypal fail today.
im bored my sister left with my dad without me 
  ...
I can't see any of your tweets on TweetGrid OR TweetChat.
bluebox fitfam
Dinner tonight was teriyaki pork tenderloin sliced onto an asian salad..
YUMMY!!!
Need lunch options...
lately not eating...
not good 
Apparently Dinosaur Jr.
is coming out with a new album next week.
Apparently I'm a shitty fan.
boreeeeeeed, tired and thinking...&quot;Friday: chemestry test&quot; omg !
 would love some!
Yay, I'm stalking u too!
lol.
Gotta go  Im taking the kids to see their greatgrandparents.
Twi later?
xxx
 PS-I'm very mad about missing 90's Trivia Night...stupid prepping for party!
Just had water ice here at some place, not like I used to get in Philly.
check my trax 
trying to calm and forget what happened....
watching the updates of wonder girls!!
really hope that i can go to one of their concerts this summer!
bought mlb09 and thought to  myself &quot;now  has something new to play when he visits.&quot; then i remembered we're moving out.
just found out Ts work-week in Texas has a chance of doubling, ugh!
His boss apologized profusely, which to me means its definite 
Very bad day at work.
Tears were shed 
For some reason...
I CANT STOP PLAYING TF2.
Its SO much fun.
But no one else plays 
  I didn't know you liked to write!
I don't really know much about you anymore.
Just tried to update Selena Central, but it's acting funny.
Now watching One Tree Hill.
 my managet said I couldn't call out!
so I'm on my way now..
The dogs tripped me into the pool  Mean doggies!
Nahhhh...
they were cute, lol.
One even sang for me!!
teehee.
 1280x800.......and I don't think I've stopped being enamored of Hossa yet   Leave me alone, I can remember him this way!
Kept asking people to help , but he never responded me  maybe I should just go do MY things instead of helping him 
 I MISS YOUUU MORE!
im in ipp, so loner!
love you pretty.
xx
I am seriously having troubles breathing...
I hope I'm not getting bronchitis again.
twitter won't let me make my profile picture a new one  dang!
  Hey!
I'm going through Kim withdrawals.
Off to see the fella ...
Almost forgetting what he looks like now that it's ever 2 weeks.
 so sad I'm not in NY tonight 
My fever just won't stop!
Im not the one that you want I'll only let you down and I'm pretty sure that you've caught on.
And you can say im feeling sry for myself 
 yes me too, i cried when he died 
 yeah feels like a fresh install of windows...
but my themes are gone  the jailbreak better be out by this week
 &quot; I've been harassing Son Of Grok to work with me and invent some primal Nachos.&quot;  if not SOG- I'm calling TacoBell 
Not a very nice two days up ahead!
Need strength to get through them though...
Super ugly clouds out there.
crave Haagen Dazs' Fat Free Mango Sorbet.
It's heavenly and unfortunately out-of-stock at nearest Sentry 
 Now that isn't fair!
Thinking to myself : Why is it that when you're happy someone always has to bring you down!!
Just dropped $104 of groceries....
ouch...
considering i had a shopping list as long a my arm...
oh man...
blah goin to bed.
damn allergys  night all
I've been playing Oblivion for the last 5 hours...
GOD I HATE THIS GAME.
Seriously, why did I ever enjoy this?
This thing gave me OCD 
What are YOU doing?
Shane!
Don't cry!!
feeling like DS today.
I get off work at 5:30, but I'm still at work &amp; no, it doesn't qualify as overtime 
Didn't get to go to Daniel's house.
why?
life isn't fair  x100
 I wish that our actual freetime still happened on the same days.
I planned to do alot of things this summer.
But so far it has been a complete waste!
Need more $ to do more things 
I just wanna curl up on the couch with Stinky and Jar...
instead...
I'm at effing work...
doing absolutely nothing 
just got home from work...and i feel icky..yes thats right icky!!
just paid more than 0.99 for a song on iTunes for the first time...
Thanks  
[-O] pretty bored...
wish that 's parents would have let her come to my house.
 Well I guess I'll only be seein ya on here then....I dont really use myspace anymore 
 that would've been awesome to see...
Although i'm kinda sad to see no song from Second Stage was on the setlist.
I hate wanting something that is sold out 
All seniors are elk.
And i wil miss them 
dying my hair, and apparently my forehead!
its blue 
think ill go to bed my eyes are sore  nitey nite tweeters!
x
trying to upload new software to my iphone.
Just found out that the electric was out at our house for days due to storms.
Kittez ok but we lost all of our food.
sooo tired!!
nervous about her bio regents tomorrow 
Doesnt like summer school 
I didn't know that Obama swatting at a fly was considered news??
That's really stupid.
is sick again.
thats twice within 2 weeks 
 me too.
My pc not acting right.
Need someone to look at it.
 a youtuber that i like is in vancouver.
 again with the sushi?
Again with the jealousy.
finally updated my phone but it's not jailbbroken and more 
my potatoes keep falling on me.
I lost the sound mashchat
thinks everyone should help out the autism society of cape breton..
they need 15,000 before july 1st to keep their summer program!!
 No way!
Err.
I want to come to the premiere of PPP but I'm busy  I'm so mad, I'm gonna miss it!
Iphone  i wont let me download it Boo   
, Apple's act is together!!
It's all up to AT&amp;T now 
Why is  nt answerin my txt and calls im so sad 
Getting ready for some sleep!
Geo &amp; english exam tomorrow(N )Out w.danica &amp; hayley.
ughh life 
[stapler haiku] Whar a Night!
Woo Hoo!
Yeah!
/ A beautiful night to party!
/ Oops, I'm a stapler...
 - the strange girls 
 no one told you where the party is?
Oh...that's right, all the people at the party blocked you, sorry!
homework 
   its at work...
it won't start  the fuel pump or something 
 LMAO...
yeah...
we need ppl for next year!
He never responded though 
I'm Courtney, mother of a little boy who will be 1 yr old in just 9 days   youngmoms
It's not fun coming home without Cinnamon greeting me at the door with a rubber duckie in her mouth 
finishing the band lyrics for our new song!
Garage bands really hard to manage 
 I hope you didn't get that from me 
 ugh!
Still downloading.
Maybe it's my connection.
arrggg my w3c/local xhtml/validator doesn't work anymore --- some perl module got effed by apple's osx upgrade?
 they are US based shipping costs a bomb  but they have a really cool tee template kit..
thanks for the link!
  oh no swine flu..
Thanks..
Shopping with a GF...
All I can think..there goes a putter, a shaft, a driver, balls, irons , wedge.
 ...Suppose that's easy for me to say though...
 Missed you at this morning's webinar 
 - I'm sorry 
I get so much jnk email.
Hv 2 chg it.
Dn't want 2 tho.
It on my bus cards.
Oh well I'll use 1 of the other 10.
rotflmbo
 if manchester orchestra did a sideshow in brisbane then splendour would be ditched.
but alas, no 
ok I can't see hosts  fitfam bluebox
picked up the curling iron from the wrong end 
 dont know   Colgate tooth paste lol  V8 Tomato Juice
 oh no...
no class today.
i just hung out with an old friend from aau and it was just a waste of time.
homework, yoga, shower, sleep, class = my life...
Patiently awaiting my b-day in 18 days...
aww...
finally had to put pants on 
Ewy my parents are kicking my butt at scrabble 
 haha yea im fine - it just doesnt feel right still..i need to figure out how to get it fixed  its such an awkward feeling
i totally forgot that i had a twitter account..
how sad 
Professor emailed me I thought she was canceling the exam BUT I thought wrong.
just reminding us OF IT!!!
LIKE WE DONT ALREADY KNOW!!!
 yeah, but i think we figured out a long time ago that I'm not a REAL RPGer.
WoW has a native OS X client 
 OMG what are you doing in NY?!?
i want to see you so bad!
I want a interview with you for my promoational band myspace.
oh and I did watch beauty and the beast today.
so sad.
I cried like a baby  I love the movie though.
 k called u Boo u didn't answer 
Tonight will be perfect for sleeping if it continues raining.
Only one thing missing.
a perfect rainbow never seemed so dull 
 Eww, gross.
No thanks.
: aw I shorry 
 Im not flying or driving , im just DYING cuz Im not seeing them 
 If I have enough money!
I can't seem to save anything 
 Have to check them out.
Been running out of things to read.
Not much good paranormal out there now 
 iidk .
itsss cold outsidee  ii dontt wannaa go back outt theree
I want my puppy back 
 yea i meant TX...i REALLY wanna go 2 mohegan but i hve work fri am  i went in nov&amp; it was the best!
 - wish my &quot;smart&quot; phone would let me watch myspace vids  waiting for the latest from yfe to show ...
 that is so sad 
  
 mimi..
dont be so mean to your little brother...
haha
 I have.
Should I be ashamed?
 for realll it will!
Ohh and I took something to nana today and I think she's kinda mad I'm not gonna be there to help 
missing cali!!!
cant wait to go back!!
colorado first tho!!!
 lol, oh myy i'm really tired too!
i already took a nap like 12:30 to 5!
Ugh...I went to zoom in on the roadrunner taking a dirt bath in the backyard but, like most of my apps, &quot;camera&quot; isn't OS 3 compatible.
Dads on Friday!
Yay!- not really
 what about me?
Worst headache ever 
 no I had pics but fn Uber Twitter hates me 
 one of the first things i remembered bout him was him telling me adam didnt like me...
i knew that but it still hurt.
i wish the streaming of 140conf was working mashchat
I love my new No Doubt shirt.
I just wish i would shrink.
if i'm not made for you then why does my heart tell me that i am?
 I wanna drink some beer 
Weird day in the gym.
2 injuries on my athletes.
The life of a gymnast.
god i am sooo over biology.
thank god it's over next week, but then i start bio 102 
oh goodness...RIP James E.
Tritt, father of Travis Tritt...
our prayers will b with u....
this week has been insane.
absolutely insane.
i don't like it at all 
 It's a little bit easier, because it has more presets.
Still tricky to hand script.
I love flash, but can't script well 
 I hope the weather is better on Friday 
 I don't have ur #!
lol
Anyone at the irvine rally want to rescue me?
I feel so alone 
 i miss coming up at 4am and not being able to open the door 
 LOL i never had game  i WISH i could pick up beezys at the tanning beds.
 can't see you or  on TG or TC  fitfam bluebox
why  i see this?????
i'm  scared  
 Chrisette comes on 9, 9:30, &amp; 10 am Keyshia comes on @ 4am 
I want my hair to grow back to the way it was in this picture...
 where are u?
Ummm..
Walked around aimlessly to no avail looking for socks 
 Oh great, Great that it might be a common problem.
But that sucks it won't connect 
graduation tomorrow.
so scared, i dont want to grow up 
ROFL someone sampled Tay Zonday's Chocolate Rain for a nissan ad...
Move my mouth so I can breathe in haha...
Its just the intsrumental 
 There are a few who are going to be happy I am judging and not competing  
 There are a few who are going to be happy I am judging and not competing  
is at work and is feeling as sick as a dog 
 i don't even know where i've managed to place that.
i'm a walking disaster, i tell you 
 Damn, I really wanted some too.
I can't believe you didn't share 
Awful, awful day  hope it gets better
'everyday feels like a monday, there is no escaping from the heart ache' o protocolo e obvio!
 he said I use him.
Ever since he ate the box and I never called him back ..
..
Jk!
Jk!
Lmaoo (him=you in my head anyway)
Was sick all day so didnt go to the concert.
 laura lee I miss you like a fat kid on a diet misses cheese balls  me n suz are tryin to save up for a visit to ATX in august!!
 something  tweeted 
 Sushi  I love sushi.
Lol
OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my best friend just stapeled his foot!
how in godz green earth is that ecen possible????????????????
 I can't take aspirin-upsets my tummy - migraines can get really bad - I've seen 2 Dr's for edema too - it keeps coming back 
 OK wtf!
I've been looking for your email at STO but cant find it so I became a tweeter of yours!
SO jealous you went to Changs 
oh shit 
Am feeling nauseous, so eating a lime...
Maybe those fries along with that granola smoothie didn't mix well 
My Sim caught herself on fire at work.
My kso's are starting to rip 
house flooding.
we're totally fucked.
long night of work ahead 
  gotdommit!
guess ill be youtubing it lol.
selffail  lol
 - That leaves less room for books and yarn.
nobody likes being sick but its the story of my life guess what im sick 
I have to wait two more weeks for my phone.
Lame 
toddler is throwing a knock down tantrum.
pulled my hair &amp; scratched my face.
WTH???
out of no where.
 my remote is missing  if i find it later on i'll look at when reruns will be on
Relaxing!
Regents tomorrow, didn't even study yet.
goodbye Hawaii!
i will miss you veryveryvery much!
 I wish I could go but I'm going to be Graduating at that time  Best of luck tho!!!
I Love you
damn i hate sandstorms in baghdad my bestfriend should have been home already!!!!
 I never relax.
Sad clown 
Playing with my led lights and I need AA batterys 
Theres ants in my bed n i cant find where they are coming from 
I surely hope this is not the last irish dance class i take my lil sis to 
Missing Tony.
Come hooooome
Scanner still not working?
WTF!
Don't get it, did an update and now nothing 
Ging to sleep !
I have a Biiiiiiiiiiig test tomorrow ...
44 questions    !
2 hours in the classroom   !
So boring !
 I'm &quot;supposed&quot; to get a haircut every 6-8 wks to keep it healthy but I'm not made of money 
My college life sucks, I wanna go out to bbqs and stay out all night  ok not really im just experiencing cabin fever.
SOMEONRE TAKE ME OUT
So sore!
I can barly move 
Gotta go to work tonight.
it's not bad.
Only six hours but this whole day has been just enough to screw up my whole scedule
 aw  they actually found the vein without a half an hour ordeal with 3 different people looking like last time
 Thank you!
I hate that it looks different on different size screens as Twitter doesn't auto adjust 
 is that what's wrong w/kara?
and yeah i did but it came out of my own bag!
and i wasn't thinking lol
Outraged!
A man who beat up his sons molester may be going to jail.
The molester?
Free after pleading guilty.
That's the Aus court system 
the arrow on my mac is frozen,  any suggestions?
i don't undertand anything...
i'll cry 
Just got back from the office and processing TICKETS 
 the murder of sylvia likens 
Twitter's Remove/Unfollow is not working!
 just like fall semester  i miss you
 true...she has moved alot, but OAA is serously slacking, it could be a powerhouse school.
SDA Ed hurts my heart 
Soccer camp.Even though I'm sick.
Hmmm the green tint is on my official Twiter page photo, but not on my Tweetdeck picture.
In fact, I've disappeared 
Just heard that SSG (ret) Darrell &quot;Shifty&quot; Powers of E Company 2nd Btn 506th (101st Abn Div, WW2) died today.
One less Band of Brother.
 nope  we were unsuccessful in the ticket rush
Big storm with a tornado warning.
Welcome home.
If it gets too exciting and we hide in the tub, expect twitpics!
;-)
Some guy offered me a free flat screen out of his truck!
Denied it, but I really wish it was legit.
I need a tv 
 Shell is on twitter and no one told me  Hope your having fun while your away.
  Glad you enjoyed Ringside, sorry you got ticketed!
They're ruthless down there, aren't they!
Watch your favourite TV shows on PC anytime, even at work!
Visit ^^Moving out and leaving Wallace 
I Mishhhh You Pookie!!!
I'm bored to death here in this city 
playing depressing songs atm, my day keeps getting better by the hour  *sigh*.
wish i was in the mood for that girlie =[
holyfriggincrap.
just watched a video of a guy having sex with a car exhaust pipe 
dear nashville, i like you a lot better without all this bad weather 
hates getting a call right when i fall asleep!
boooo 
 Didn't get to high five you today 
have never experienced such a difficult time..
said goodbye to a classmate and a friend 
Had an awesome night @ NUDE...
Off to work now...
Great.
Just came back to work to find out that i made a VERY big boo boo in my reports.
home, but not for long.
Humidity...
not my favorite.
To be honest I like late fall or late winter weather.
I scratched my good glasses today.
Poor me.
 Thanks.
It was kind of hard, it was kind of easy.
I probably got below a 90.
I got a 99 on History!
I hate that!
 DUDE!
I CANT B LEEVE I JUST MADE AN ACCOUNT SOOOOOOO BRDEDEDEED WANT A CIG BUT IM BROKEDEDEDE  SAD FACE
Going to sleep !
I have a Biiiiiiiiiiig test tomorrow ...
44 questions   2 hours in the classroom !
So boring !
but i didin't study :X
I dont like being a guy.
aww the 3.0 for the ipod touch dont have voice control 
one side of my face is burnt 
 Wow your counter IS really messed up it was just at 216,360, and it went back down to 216,167 in a matter of minutes.
I shouldn't of stayed extra today.
damn money
I want to rewind time .
Preferably last week 
 well if the weather wasn't so damn icky!
Text meeeee  or come on aim
i have a sick baby!
ear infections are no fun!!!
Sorry ppl.
Generally I'm full o' love and I respect people but when people are selfish and rude it brings out the worst in me 
  please follow your followers ...
I missed the olive bread announcement 
 yeah i emailed too and no answer 
 idk when it's gonna b!
I think I missed it.
 aww bean, i hope you find ur SHE too.
 i teared up 
 all of mine are already impacted...
i have no idea what that means, but they said that it could complicate things.
 
 i know  its so sad though if a hamburger wouldnt keep me the bathroom for min 1wk,i would so be kicking worthington to the curb
That really sucks 
mad that target doesn't have anymore lines, vines, and trying times cds.
If a tornado touches down in my back yard, I love you all.
 Lots of web pages that it doesn't seem to work right on.
Can't get it to select the text.
 yea but i cant find anything to wear  ......you?
I wish baby monster was tired...im exhausted 
  If only I were home!
 Luv the book read it 15yrs ago.
Should go back 2 reading, again, my short attention span got the better of me 
 I have not heard anything about Eric  we're all anxiously waiting!!!
 no you're thinking american products.
carchat
 Yep all last week was heart-breaking on DAYS, this week doesn't get much better either  Very well acted though!
i'm just with my exxxx 
im starting to get annoyed by Mythbusters 
 I wanted my glasses til they were ready to pick up then I was thinking OMG I picked an ugly pair  If exercise makes you happy!
 thanks so much for linking to my treasury, however your link doesn't seem to be working for me  try ?
Ok, am giving up on this episode, she's really starting to annoy me and I don't want my 300th Tweet to be about bloody seven of nine!
 I wanna go!
Someday...
I wanna be seein these fineeee black men.
 I was trying to get a scholarship for free flights they just denied me  so i had to pay myself
What in the world are you supposed to do with a swollen finger?
I can't write like this...
Internet is being choppy...making it hard to stream my show.
 Aw, I'm going to miss you Catherine Bush.
(Shh...don't tell anyone but I think I like you better anyway.)
Oh, my fingers hurt...
 i need to reboot it.
i hate my compooter.
Missing chatting with my baby - hospitals are no fun 
Work.
Then pickin' up the BF so both of us can dream about bowling with Bad Religion 
Got half of the burrito in.
no room for the other half.
 girl I need a letter from a relative or something I had the application letters the other day have no idea what I did with them 
First day of mid exams.
Wish me luck!!!
 friend u always on vacay I'm tryin to get like u my nxt vacay isn't til labor day wkend 
 are you still greening pics?
I want my old one back and my bf apparently doesn't have photoshop anymore.
 great!
Though can't seem to sleep 
Downside of what I do  -- family went from mocking me to now begging for my  web 2.0 assistance (even hubby every now &amp; then) Family rate?
 omg I looked at the pic  I should never do that.
Do you know how much time Joyce has?
I will repost her asap to other outlets
Sore throat 
after class gotta do laundry then go to gym.
already exhausted.
In economics...
It sucks 
 2 what time now?
Who am I gonna talk 2 now on my insomia nights  ull be passed out.
 ew, onions?
McDonalds has those nasty diced onions that are impossible to completely get off 
total count for last tweet: about 5 and their all family ahhhh i need friends 
This dreary weather has me in the worst mood.........
 aww  it was amazing!!!!
Sooooo crowded in there sooo much fun!!
Hahah the shorts!
They got love from guys  girls lol
studying for finals  fmlll literally
Still doing homework...
BTW My mouth hurts so bad!!!!
I've bitten myself!!!
Missing clt boo.
Must snap out of it 
I'm listenin' to one of my new fave songs:Lady Gaga Poker Face doin' some Psy hw 
I want a Russian hat  Someone find a store that sells them for me lol.
i can't get it to send messages to my phone 
My pinky hurts cause i crocheted too much 
 well he has the day off, but he didnt spend it with me haha.
I just have to actually work during the day now  
 Me too sister.
Last week at this time we were having bus stop pizza 
  I'm starving!!
I think I'm goin to get some chicken lo mein from &quot;ZEMI&quot; 9th ave
off to Best Buy to replace the Wii controller, which stopped working and caused much sadness in our household 
 Bit.ly couldn't find the link!
cars in the shop  but im driving a Charger as a rental 
feel so sick!!!
got a burning throat!!!
complaining is all i have to make myself feel better.
Haven't eaten in a few days.
No appetite.
Food is my BFF dang.
anywho I'm out n about...have a good nite all...
  awesome beer belt but It only holds 6   lol
Had no idea that people even used this thing but I guess so.
My life is boring 
just watched two hours of the real housewives of nj and then i lost control of the remote   the other cable box needs to be fixed pronto!
rebecca minkoff sample sale ...
website down ...
 Oh, Mama's not feel'g so proud.
Feel'g  very  frustrated.
and Boston keeps hammer'g on -GRRRRR!
.RIP James E.
Tritt, father of Travis Tritt...
our prayers will b with u....
Poor .
This is a major case of, &quot;if you can't be with the one you want...
&quot; 
omg i hope i make it home in time for wipeout!
i probably wont  damnit!
second week in a row
i feel a little fever coming on  will you rub my back?
No more hockey for about 3 months    Guess its time for some Golf (US OPEN) and some Nascar!!
yeehawwww
Im about to run outside naked cuz i was dared to 
 Iam so sad I missed your chat seesion yesterday!
I didnt get the tweets on my phone!!!
aww vfcs show is in pomona on a fucken wednesday  cant go
Bent working leg on giant penchee 
has been playing the sims 3 but feels really lonely without Lyall tonight 
 send me the link to that music video.
i cant find it 
 For some reason I wasn't following you, so I never got your message!
You're not seeing them this tour?
That sucks.
Saw a spider on my coffee table, ran to grab a paper towel, came back &amp; lost the damn thing.
Spider loose in my living room!
Watching Kung Fu Panda....
alone.
Mr.
Executive Recruiter is tired from the excitement of the job fair.
 no  haha
Ginger Tony, Spunky, and Gigantocat were all on the back deck.
GT and Gigantocat decided not to play nice 
 LOL you dont love me  i work 4-9 tmrw but u can leave it in the mailbox or something
Noo..
My DA my subscription is over 
my head hurts 
I miss ya, I miss ya, I miss ya.
I really want to kiss ya but I can't.
I'm just tired ....I wanna be in London or NY ...
but Im in Ccs ...
Suck 
 I am jealous of your ability to grow facial hair.
Walked into a sofa that she knows has been there for years, and is now paying the price  ouch
  - had brunch at Ave 5 Sunday....meh  Prices r ok.
I love me some ...but go to !
WORD!
 WHAT.
How so?
I'm wearing YELLOW.
I'm just sad my cheeks are so swollen 
 well it's about time.
my roots are gross!
and omg i hope that story isn't true.
I'm taking tomorrow off (and possibly Friday) because of my back.
Working three days this week was really hard and stressfull 
 
is in a crabby mood 
 It never ceases to amaze me how little humanity learns from past mistakes 
I got sent home 
 LOL, s'ok.
I was supposed to be there tonight, but plans fell through  I miss seeing you guys live...
Sooo happy to be off early for a change, wish I was dressed right , I'd stop by Ultra &amp; kick it w/the homies for a few.
Oh well home I go 
 I would if I still had a membership 
 Too bad 
JOSH IS BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i only got to c him for a lil while tho  but he'll be here tomorrow so YAY!
Thank God it was a simulated test - just got my Con Law test results:  FAIL           but, they were nice to tell me it was a good start
 I know  especially with that tight central division.
I think he would love to get out of Houston.
How bout penny
 ugh it's so frustrating  I'll be 16 in a month but it's not very comforting knowing that
i am soooo bored right now!!
no-one to talk to...hatumpfff
 I feel for the Muppets skinned to make that dress  sytycd
 aww man I'm sorry to hear that.
I need to get a job too.
&gt;_&lt;
Only problem with Google Chrome: no foxkeh 
Oh, that's just sad.
My Direct Messages thing won't send Demi my message!
Hope it'll work soon...
LOL.
I'm going to have another exam on Monday next week.
 where's the chocolate?
need to de-stress
I had a FTSK sticker...
I think it ran away 
I'm not feeling tonight's episode of SYTYCD at all 
 yea there's 2, but they're out of my way, so its hard to go.
 *faints* Unfortunately................
I am not attending 
 Yeah, thats a hell of a long way out there.
But hey at least Drake is from there.
We aint got no good celebs down here in FL.
just when i start to get ahead....
blahhhhhhhhh!!!!!
this sucks 
disabled the images in my iPhone safari.
But it also disabled all soft buttons.
Now I can't post anything in forums.
fml.
so i hate my life and just realized i totally confused the weeks of june and now i realize i have 2 weeks left of sum school 
i'm actually gonna miss track until next year 
I miss the sisterhood being all together already  xo
 HOLLLERRR!
i'm so excited you and demi are here in toronto!!
but im sad i won't be seeing you guys tomorrow  stupid exams.
 Haha so am i and i should be doing homework 
 Alas, they got canned pretty early on  ABC are fuckers too.
4th post of the hourly thing.
at this point im still reading at the job and i am starving.
anyone knows good jokes that can b posted?
Ate wayyyy too much.
Not feeling to good 
I tried to get shave ice from Shimazu Store.
Tried.
The line looks like Matsumoto's.
ouch, my back is killing me.
Not from anything exciting either 
But ...
if you do this now, there will be repercussions.
You sure you wanna go there 
Gonna get roasted chicken...wanted the fettuccine but there's shrimps in it 
So hot here, having a new unit put in today..but they did not finish 
  i hate knowing that life goes on without me there
 i miss yo face 
Doing homework about Budgets...
it's gonna be difficult...
this is a sad layout to make.
Guys, I really want Sims 3.
my dad threw my kitty 
Now if only the EA Download Manager wasn't so mediocre 
which means i dont go to austin for another 2 weeks   
 I want john to reply to me 
watching top chef..wishing i could cook like them....
oh so sad!!
is watching so you think you can dance &amp; wipeout!!
also studying for my math final on friday  hope we get a storm tonight 
I'm extremely disappointed all around.
Fuck summer.
I haven't done anything I wanted to do.
My immune system is leading me to believe that I am getting sick once again 
 i wont be there srry.
im going to be at a padres game 
my tummy hurts 
day off for more study.
will be gald when these trials are over then its heads down bum up for the next 4 months 
Mm, I'm having a hard time naming my new iPod.
Normally, I have tons of names stored up but I've used them all up on other objects!
Damn.
Has to sit next to jess for the day 
im still mad about my damn onion   
Lost my contacts on the iPhone - 
 i took a nap today toooo!!
ahahaa.
i'm watching the grudge 3..by myself 
hadd a great!
idea...but losst it 
feelinjg sick as fuck :/ ahhhhhh i want soup 
Thinking in my new life when i will be in canada  and I dont have candian friends in Toronto 
just learned how to play sudoku, having a glass of wine, chillin, as there is a 10 hour day in store for me tomorrow 
 awwww!
that blows 
My PowerBook has had random shutdowns  lately Fathers day approaching - coincidence?
 no    i'm in one show now and i won't have time for another before the fall semester.
 girll why are you sad  i don't like when you are sad
 but you can't eat honey!
&amp; you are so rockin the nicerfilmtitles
 hi I miss u I wish u didn't have to work so late lets go to the Saucer when u get off whenever that is 
4 days until Janell's birthday.
I cant believe im going tomiss it 
Postrio's closing?!
 ok so my mom and me were outside talking bout how to ignore grandpa, then he came out and stared talking to us 
 I'll ask you this ...
Are all of your spymasters kitted out, at least?
'Cause mine sure as heck aren't  lol
I have 5mins left and I am just walking around linthicum aimlessly...
I'm hungry 
Trying to go to bed earlier so i wont be so tired at 6:30 tomorrow morning...
but of course its still light outside....
 haha aw is it still disabled!
get on that shit.
works ok..i want to go home - im so tired  hows work for you?
Hawk Nelson's Summer EP isn't available on their site anymore..
Rhythm heaven is so judgemental 
 yeah it is!
TWITTERFAIL 
I am really bad at putt putt.
dres  so wantes canopy verde to win but this is nice to just oh linda is so nice 
 I/m having problems with OS 3.0 as well..
I guess I will have to wait a day or so..
 - And thus, our love will never be consummated.
Sad times for everyone.
  That's awful!
I hope you feel alright soon though, don't let them get to you D:
 ashley forgot about alex 
NO PLAY DAY:  Votes are in, and we've ditched the Black Eyed Peas - Boom Boom Pow until 3pm.
How sad for Fergie 
Think it was 2 hot out today 2 bike ride.
Really run down, going to bed early...
I know I'm a bum  Need 2 make it 2 work tho!
  well if u ever need help just tell me
 I don't have it  Also, I totally have to wash my hair so I can't
4 days until Janell's birthday.
I cant believe im going to miss it 
 We just had some downtown, for about an hour.
No rain in Redmond right now.
I miss my dogs  
killed from practice!!
getting ready to go lay down!
has to drive for drivers ed tomorrow  I'm scurrred!
Can't sleep because I'm still laughing at the video of a cat on LSD!
Although of does seen cruel  Poor kitty.
 And in my nautical pashmina afghan.
My tummy was not pleased.
My eye is BURNING!
so, I love 'Don't Speak' by JB.
Love it!
Volleyball in the morning...
XP
aaaaaah I don't feel good 
crying.
someone cheer me up 
 ...i love you...get better...
and um, at least you aren't a needy, generalizing, assuming, self-pitying bitch....
I LOVE YOU 
It's not everyday you get to say &quot;cock fight&quot; on TV...I'm bummed I wasn't anchoring...
a lot of jobs to do 
my nose is sore fm blowing it alllll day 
I really don't want to go to bed alone tonight 
 Im a product of SDA ed grades 1-16, some of the best and worst years of my life.
I cant say I will send my children  Its sad
I broke my puppy 
 Hi Jane =D I finished up about Aug/Sept last yr, unfortunately...
I miss it all so much...(esp the staff shop  lol)
I had to have a starbux iced coffee this evening instead if Intelligentsia coz I had a free coupon.
 too bad is over  I never get a chance, but you still Rock &lt;3
Boyfriends gone to work, stuck at home all alone 
Falling asleep during a Bones marathon is not a good idea, bad dreams to come for sure 
Is off to try and sleep off this very nasty headache 
thinking of ways to make money!!!when it rains it pours 
 i knowwww UGH.
Rain, rain, pretty please don't go away.
My daddy's going back to Belize today 
i think eloise has body image issues, whenever i look at her she stops eating and starts running on her wheel 
 mmm unfortunately ive lost my appetite.
and being 3 hours away from my family no one is here to look after me.
waa 
I wish I could survive a Japanese gameshow  Put me on the show, please.
Why do I always end up feeling poorly when its late at night and when I have school in the morning?!?
 - I'm sure Sam will be in the episode.
I mean, it would be sad if she wasn't  I wonder if Nathan kno ...
 Ha!
I know the feeling.
Now might be a good time to sign up for Entergy's level billing plan.
is really tired at work 
 you're making me really sad right now.
 get babydoll!!
I would love to be there right now trust me..
I'm stick at work hungry overworked and tired  lol but have fun!!
 I'd be happy to let you borrow mine, except they won't let me change my password to something I'd give out  sorry
Buyer behaviour exam today.
 yayayay!
But now you have nothing in common with Wilford Brimley 
 you never say things like that about me  smh!
lol
home from sushi date.
i ordered more than i could eat!
leaving super early in the morning to fly to SPI for father's day (long) weekend.
Downloading the final iPhone 3.0 SDK from Apple at 180KB/sec  I tried finding it on torrent but no luck.
Anybody want to seed?
my phone took its first spill to the cement.
done shooting.
feels like i've been pumping iron all day.
arm is sore!
Just moved into a new house!!
Still unpacking  !
 where is the pain?
praying
I passed my math quiz!
Now I have to focus on ENGL.
I want an &quot;A,&quot; but I don't think it's going to happen.
I better get to work!
So it seems that, overall, the american league has been wiping the floor with national league teams during these interleague match ups.
 iPhone update took 3 mins to dwnld on cable!
Really no improvement if you have 1st gen iPhone!
I'm so tired..
I miss my Taylor.
just came from working at my parents store, ugh...
i never have a great day there 
had a shitty day at n tomorrow come already please?
 here i am!!
haha i miss you!
today was soo sad 
I have a weird feeling in my stomach  is this good or bad?
nice app!
but it's very expensive for me via 
Urgh.
Been playing my game for about an hour and my computer decided it needs to restart,before i could get a chance to save.
Also, Sean's plane to Iceland is leaving as I type  LAME!
Almost home Bout 2 Smoke...
Any1 wanna Join Sry Baby Mama I Know u Would 
Finally got the iPhone update to 3.0.
Cut and pastes is slick and much welcomed.
Disappointed I have to wait for AT&amp;T to give us real MMS 
toilets are blocked at work, I have to pee, badly 
 Angels wasn't too bad.
Salvation in the other hand [shudder].
I seriously don't want them to remake the original 
 I miss you!
And I want to see Lucy and Conor!
I think we'll have to visit again soon
i love new relic, i wish i could afford a paid account 
is still sick on her first day of school holidays - this SUCKS, going back to bed now 
 And is currently on the fritz 
Good evening, I am very tired, tomorrow will be a tiring day 
oh my im talking to the bestie.
getting everything talked out.
reassuring her i wont die.
I refuse to die before my time.
Im only 15 
 I hope she doesn't get too skinny.
But yeah!
Yowza!!
It was a good episode.I hope they deal some of the problems I have, tho.
stupid cable dude never showed up   GRRRR!
 dios mio, really trying  you?
BACK FROM THE DR.
AND THE PAIN IS STILL BAD IF NOT WORSE.
I WICH THAT GUY HAD NEVER HIT MY TRUCK.
IM OUT SO MUCH MONEY FROM WORK.
want to skype with my nephew but my sister isn't around and he isn't old enough to do it on his own 
  ME TOOOOO 
 leave me alone.
i'm sunburned 
 I miss you too already 
Just got back from my brother's baseball game.
I thought the other team's coach was gonna have a stroke on the field.
he didn't 
Still in the office.
Havent gone home yet...
started the shift at 4pm yesterday  huhu...
making sure operations are running smoothly.
&lt;3
Thinking in my new life when i will be in canada and I dont have canadian friends in Toronto   ...
what a pity !!
 n you PLEASE spit your gum in the trashcan????
This time I stepped in gum on the train and it is stuck to my high heel.
 I have no unmoderated comments so for some reason your comment did not come through   Please try again, I'd love to post it
Everyone getting good now fitfam bluebox This was an unpleasant surprise 
aww man i'm gonna miss clarissa.
wish you were comming back to luthhhh!
i wanna go to sleep but i can  because i had read a book called NOTICIA DE UN SECUESTRO is so lame, ok i go to read bay, xoxo (:
i feel left out because the storm decided to miss morgantown 
 I am lost.
Please help me find a good home.
 we always only catch the grand finale 
awww i think  is talking about me!!
lol  no bueno
still rrreeeeaaaaallllyyyyy sick  i feel soooo shit.
somebody please just kill me yeah.
center of pressure lecture = eaazy...
but wasted 45 minutes playing a game on the g1 
3 am and wide awake  who stole my sleep?
 its my bday too!
I want to be serenaded!
  Love the peek !!!
wish u kould kome  Mike says whats up!!!!
Lve ya Girl ...you the best !!
Mowed the lawn...
I ache everywhere...
I'm such a weakling aha 
i have the worst headache !!
 when's the next shoot?
I still want one!
 i guess i scared him...he peed on me 
 You're better than me...
I rarely follow a new follower 
 yeah...same here...just seems like the bad is starting to outweigh the good...
No breakfast again 
Awwww Perth...
why you be raining for?
 I was out since 8am and by 6pm, I was so tired &amp; my feet were killing me from all the walking I did.
Have fun at the show!!
Powers out  at kailas house
is sorting through her belongings 
 yes!
did I tell you we had to get seats tho?
general sold out 
I'm at work right now workin for that paycheck everybodys tired cause there ain't a damn thing to do 
the hail is getting larger...
my poor car 
 aawww  who did you have to say goodbye too !?
no one commented on my picture.
that makes me depressed.
not even peter retweeted it.
but then again he's busy.
but i'm still depressed
World, forgive me for the next few days.
I'm on my monthlies 
i wanna go to sleep but i can t  because i had read a book called NOTICIA DE UN SECUESTRO is so lame, ok i go to read bay, xoxo (:
i cant get my mac to recognize my camera  and i took some really awesome pictures today.
 oh i shattered my shoulder during the seizures beyond repair 
 what's this about chuck bass?
i kind of love him.
haha
Damn my tummy hurts 
Stressing over my stupid NuvaRing....god damn it, can't I find a birth control that doesn't give me an undesirable side effect?
 taylor..
won...
haha that bitch who got peyton..
mhmm
I have a headache for the fourth day in a row  I need to get my butt back to the chiropractor.
just got back from brisbane and seeing P!NKs concert monday nite.
Awesome!
back to work i go now 
 ya, for the last week or so its been off and on wet!
Its worse for me cuz I live in a dry area 
Target trip a bust.
No rain boots at all.
No cute umbrellas.
Opted for bra and panties bit did not spend nearly as much as I wanted to.
 I need to clip in a utility method.
AFAICT can't clip without modifying the path and screwing my other code up 
 She really is such a slut though  I hate how much she changed
 I can talk everynight and sad face  to not tonight.
I have MSN.
Wow i completely missed it!
It's now 3-3....
I didn't know gibson on ncis had a daughter.
That's so sad you guys 
i keep checking the site...boo 
is so tired from my workout..plus..
waiting to get some work soo bad..
UGH&gt;.
i hate not having any money ..
so much outcome and no income 
Finally home from practice.
She blasted her head SO HARD on my knee.
I have a bruise.
Poor thing 
R.I.P.
95 buick century.
you will be missed.
ill never forget the good times 
 nah.
ithink there might be lactose free ice cream in our freezer.
I'll eat that.
 My reply is no 
 my roommate and are are religious about sytycd!
I have to go to bed early, so I will have to watch the last hour tomorrow.
The clio is gooone!
 wait you can't make it tomorrow  just remembered
 I just got hungry 
OMG!
I'm so sad.
Billy Joel &amp; Katie Lee have separated.
They were cute together &amp; definitely appeared happy.
 IM LIKE HALF AN HOUR AWAY FROM YOU!
I miss my Mom 
Updating my phone to the new OS; so excited!
Annoyed that I won't be able to picture text yet 
 awwww  well it's your decision but I'll miss you!!!
I'm good thanks you?
&lt;3
cant stand studying geography 
 None so far...
but either way it's not helping me feel safe at night 
my web cam mic isnt working 
 I know that.
I want to know WHY it was picked on twitter, facebook, etc and no one can't answer that  iranelection
 tried to get Ellen to give a shout out to Peter today, but have not seen any response from her yet...
 good ol 19 !
not  haha
 maybe its just you 
I miss the city and Toronto 
omg ...
hirap gamitin, got to get use to this 
made dinner 4 her n she didnt evn show 
Powerless...
 awwww thats annoying!
 I lost two kids at Youth Group tonight.
No joke.
going to be miserable with my    
I need to make money.
i hate being broke as a joke.
Dear God please please let me pass that exam 
tooooornado warning 
 when I started attacking you you stopped talking to me 
It's obvious i won't get over him 
help please!
how can I forget a man that I love and did not know that I exist?
this man is..
JOE!
Still working on this stupid paper....taking longer than expected 
.....thinking i only have 14 followers...boo..
Why must this episode NCIS be so sad?
Why is my twitter stuck on mobile version?
 you should be jappy to be able to upgrade to OS 3 at all.
I came up it's not available in my country at all 
26-0 for Winnipeg.
This just makes me so happy.
12 Hour Shifts are good.
But damn!
Im tired.
 RECIPROCATE.
Nobody has MMS'd me back 
when the freezer door isn't shut properly, ice cream loses!
Oh my god, every episode about Gibbs' family is super depressing   
 ahah why do you hate mee  lol
 you're only 2.5 hours away from me !
 what are you doing in my beautiful country?
rawrr sont vraiment tous entrain de prendre possession du territoire canadien 
got rejected by the bat boy 
girl my middle name is study!!
and im abt 2 be ghost bc im goin outta town this wknd BAOW!!
 lol um yea, that's still wishful thinking.
the saturdays were playing on the radio i have in my lab  loblaws is still sucking!
iPhone 3.0 needs to work...
my phone is weird.
This back up restore had best work I was forced to restore/update it.
iphone
,@djprostyle Did  fall off the MAP?
or is he still havin technical difficulties wit his iphone  enjoy y'all nit ...
 Hope he/she will be alright 
 I guess you were just &lt;24 hours late...
 haha nothing exciting about this update so far 
I'd live in 60-90 years 
auhh tired buhh i cant sleep..
got stuff on my mind 
 please reply to me  i never get a reply from anyone who is actually important ....
 YES!
2Pac was a hella good actor smh.
Fat boi ALWAYS cryin in someone's movie.
Mem Lean On Me?
HA!
aw poor Raheem  bak2movie
's head hurts sooooooo bad.
i got transformers on the ds but i'm a decpticon 
is tired from typing...the prof talks too fast   i see that  has been tempting you..
haha
 - I love all ages shows  -nc
 mes condoleances 
Live tweet streaming on Sytycd ..
I miss Dena and Lisa 
 how can I send entries again using OV mail??
what website should I go to and register?
sorry i did not follow...
 I hate it when people leak spoilery stuff - hurts everyone 
 I was liking Mixero until it wanted to upgrade when I closed it...then I lost my groups.
No fun to set those up again 
  That's bad.
What platform?
 i wish i could forget to eat 
Thinking about taxes.
How depressing!
Oh dear lord.
What have I done.
Just installed TweetDeck on my wee computer, and I can tell that the program is too much for it.
I think my twidroid is broken.
 I had a copper one and had it removed it was horrible 
got more than 25 points back on a test!
woot!!
but my car stereo is still broke.
 u do have a real job, being a rawkstarrr XD ohyerr come 2 Newcastle and visit mee, I'm sick 
Math is soooo pointless.
Hate it 
i cant play game party of wii!!!
 Sorry - very very sorry!
I did have a French designer work for me briefly - a 6' tall.....
woman.
 no  I left it home.
I might go back this weekend and grab it though.
 my mama didn't make it home till late 
I mees my knee-guh.
I wanna update my iPhone to OS 3 sooo bad, but I can't afford to lose my jailbroken apps even for a day.
ah another bad day.
I hella miss you though.
So tHe iPhone is getting the new update and nothing works!
It won't turn on!!!
I'm gonna kill someone
 *dies with you* 
 I noticed.
woohoo.
my car is totalled and i need to find a new one.
but i want another cadillac.
boo.
no clue where i'll find one as awesome as mine 
  This is quite realistic imho.
U reach a point where u hav to make progress, or move on.
Even if temporarily 
Taking care of my very sick baby 
tell me lies 
noah better come over tomorrow.
i miss my bffl 
Watching NCIS at my mom's-too bad my baby hormones make me want to cry over silly not-that-sad things.
 I know..I wish I could!
But I wouldn't even think about asking administration about posting the kids on the internet.
 what i wouldn't give to be there right now 
 oh ok!
haha i wouldn't know about that since i don't have an iphone  i'm not bitter or anything lol
 hello demi !
here we go again is the most amazing song ever.
i want to go to the PPP premiere,but i have finals  have fun !!
 Awww lol that's funny .
..
I've never cheated on a test lol I'm too scared 
i miss you 
transformers 2 @ IMAX - fully booked.
konting bad seats na lang natira  ibang showing time, sold out na.
though, i got my tickets na.
yey
 OMG i loveeeeee sooo muuuch pleasee jobroooos come tooo VENEZUELAA VENEZUELAA VENEZUELAAAA I LOVEEE BABYYYS 
FOX MADE A SHOW ABOUT FATTIES.
and they're not trying to lose weight.
DISGUSTING.
omg.
i have never been more grossed out..
Can't figure out why Unetbootin won't work...
 duboce triangle.
i just got back from london.
These people should not be allowed in japan.
Why do they get to go and I don't?
This is why it stinks to wear a visor when you have a receeding hairline.
I hate sunburns 
i love my reading with the medium!
it was so special to talk to my dad again.
i wish i could do it everyday 
i don't want rain for my b-day !
wahh.
daddy's away on a business trip?
it sounds so cornii but imh.
LOL.
 thats the wayt ive been feeling for the past 3 weeks  and it just keeps getting worse.
aaaaarrrrrrrrrrrggggggggggghhhhhhhhh....
his damn yahoo account is messed up, i was sooo lookin forward to video chat  its been a while!!!
 btw...I lost my signed forms for husep to earn my money bakk...the L!
Orientation is on Friday.
FML.
 boo  I'm mad @ myself but that's okay anger is my FIRE!
But look @ u, sick and still kicking butt, ur hands we ON!
u sis
No Doubt's sold out.
 Im sooo sad I don't get to go to the mmvas!
My heart is breaking!
You'll be 45 mins away and I'll feel so helpless 
What is up with the forecast for the weekend - blah, blah and blah.
I hope the weather man is wrong.
 Aw, poor fishy 
I wish my bed wasn't so hard...
 that looks awesome, I will def spread the news...i wish i had a cool bike   i wanted one but hubs made me get a dorky one
 jury duty tomorrow.
so not cool 
Why don't I learn?
Charles &amp; Keith shoes wreak havoc on my feet!
Note to self - Stop buying them, no matter how cheap they are 
 I don't smoke  I only drink
Just finished my final,started @ 6 &amp; JUST FINSHED @ 9:21.
Hope I did ok, well now I gotta start gettin ready 2 go n2 nite gig,w/no sleep 
  why u dont like us?
*sniff sniff* lol
I wish I had my black bejeweled mic!...but it hasn't arrived yet 
at home getting the kids ready for school, kids in the neighborhood are trying to steal my puppies 
Went to the apple store - none of their docks would connect to my iphone...
looks like I'm boned   Pretty pissed 
 i'm sorry to hear about your daughter 
Just pulled into Jeff City and it appears we have missed the big storm 
Tweet for the day: Derrick is W_A_Y_Y behing in posting his twits....and so is Stacy but she can't figure out how to get in it 
i havee a headachee  watchinn the 5 heartbeats w.
my momm
 terms of service violation on that video.
 no  did you??????
Burlap makes me itchy 
 omg enjoy it!
I'm dying but can't work from home due to too much crap on my desk.
I wish I was at home  how's the ankle?
Insomnia.
Slept at like 4am and was up already at 7am.
I don't even feel tired or have the urge to sleep again.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH ME?
 ti qua hn 10h anh mi v?, n ung cha kp xem n ging ji , n l nh th hai mu vng trng, but anh nh mt my nh roi 
i ate food that i couldn't taste  now i want to take a nap because my best friend came today.
 you misspelled my name 
 Wholefoods=fresh ingredients, but chicken salad + potatoes =  lots of mayo +lots of carbs = lots of fat usually  it depends
 She just selfish!
Ashleigh is eathng the yummiest looking apple pastry thingy.
i have sandwiches 
 oh shit...
nevermind  hahahaha!
 That would be so awesome if you could go!
I tried to book them for our anniversary shoot while we are in CA but they were busy 
Sherbert @ carvel was a horrible idea.
Got talked out my regular.
Scratch that.
Got the audio working for flash videos.
Still down two laptops though.
Is lonely and wants more followers  Follow me people!...If you don't I will hunt you down and urinate on your front door!
Missed my connection to Boston, no later flights available today 
 I prolly won't be home till 3-4am at this rate 
 lol it's not like other browsers haven't taken cheap shots at IE.
lost my phone.
just fyi 
Nooooo not again 
  byes
 can't hun  we have a show in jersey
Doin da bet bbl  call me!!!!
 not with me 
Its storming.
I think i'm going to cry 
Omg I have eaten so much today  Mom's Chocolate Cake from Benjy's is ridiculous though.
 thanks sweetie.
Too bad its still hours from being over 
 ahhh, you and demi are in toronto and i could see you both at the PPP premiere, but i have to study for finals.
FML!
is missing Steven  get your arse home!
lol
 -oh right sorry I didnt think about that, i was just excited for you and them,  sorry.
 dude, you guys tweet too much 
bad day 
 thanks!
hahaha I bought cigs today &amp; the guy said I looked 17  prob the bangs.
YOOh U kNOW WhAt iRRAtES MEEh WEN thERES NO fXCkEN NilEY NEWS AkA SOoO fREAkiNN bORiNG 
 I DO!
But I can't.
Have fun!
i wish there was more to do at like 2.25 in the morning but every one keeps going to sleep 
im very excited for kennethy cohens party on friday then billie schaubs going away party on saturday  dont move to chicago billie!!
 ohhh..i guess i was l8 with d hymn den...
feel bad
good day.
tomorrow is the last day of school.
only 2hrs.
Day 1 of the workshop, going well so far.
I wish I had a better script though 
Man fuck my life!!
I hate thiiiissss!!!!!
 im seeing GreenDay twice in Florida while i work at Disney.
super bummed i dont see them in my hometown Boston tho 
 Hahahah, oh that made my day Andrew.
Run, Forest, RUN!
And I'm said to hear you won't be at the wedding!
 I is!
Haley will be half way to Stratford by then 
  you didn't have it a week ago.
I'm disappointed in you 
Would trade in her vag for a peen for the next 4 days if I could 
 clearly not true fans 
 no go   Just have to wait until the 'real' opening on Sunday.
I just wanted my Rt 44 Cherry Limeade dammit!
 I loved working at Target.
 idk where to send it  *pouts* *shrugs shoulders*
Well my 'Monday' sucked, as our guest were indifferent on the food...I guess my food sucked, and not the day.
Just got first ever drums FC in the Guitar Hero series (I Love Rock And Roll, lol)!!!
Also, got 7 sightread FCs on guitar.
Camera broke.
Wants to be back in Orlando...Now!
Also, she is annoyed at stupid opening shifts ruining her chance for post airport sex 
i feel like ive been studying forever...its only been 3 min.
Doesn't feel like going out today but i have to 
 NOOOOOOOOO.
Was looking for record 
You wouldn't wanna be chased if you would stop running from me 
  LMAAAOOOOO
Thanks for callin me back  ...
 I miss homeeee!
Cooking everyday gets tiring  COME VISITT SOON!
And bring my godchild
i just droped my lap top try ed to catch it and cut my finger now im bleeding 
off to class...
doing Blue Window tonight...
going to need lots of comfort when I get home 
awesomee dayy todayy.
Kinnda wish Andrea, and Rosemary could've gonee 
 She's dead...
still have the chills though 
Coach made me shave.
That made me mad.
haha
  are you okay?
Misses you SOOOO much...
really feel like im saying it so much that youre annoyed...
but its so true...
i miss you so much 
 like she wears slutty clothes and acts slutty.?
whats her last name?
i forgot.
i cant believe how much people change!!!
its sad 
I have a headache.
Send hugs.
Been to the gym, responded to emails, got food for tonight - can't put it off any longer...it's time to clean the house 
FML I come home and tho its on a surge strip, my computer got fried.
Laptop is in Pittsburgh bc bf's comp is dead.
No money for a new one 
Is not feeling very well, but off to work i go 
 that sucks  mine keeps changing from delivery day-tomorrow to NO delivery at all.
which isnt much better.
      yeah i think he's sick or something, hasn't been as harsh with the insults either...
Head hurts  yuck.
can't stand these ups &amp; downs...
I actually cried in my ice cream 
 I double-checked IMDb to spell his last name and I couldn't believe how little work he's had since Alias.
deactivated my Facebook again.
It really creates an image of you..
the snot monster has invaded!
a sick toddler = a fussy toddler who isn't sleeping well 
oh man!
I left my book at the shop  I guess I don't get to read &quot;Three to Get Deadly&quot; by Janet Evanovich tonight *sigh*
 sorry i just read your other post, I'm so bummed u won't be on the show 
damn graduation ceremonys, they go on forever 
This summer is going to blow.
GHUOEJWKAMNGHOUEWJAGKLNMEWAHIUJK
 this happened before.
el sucko 
Someone very close ruined the magic behind the Dos Equis most interesting dude.
Rain, rain go away!!!
We just had a HORRIBLE thunderstorm!
We even had hail!
I hope it doesn't rain at Alive fest!
Boo rain!
The last days of freshman year are coming to an end.
Hopefully I can see all of my friends next year along with some new ones
 futurama episode jurassic bark.
i've cried every time i watched it, so the layout will probably be very sad.
Frightened to turn off my laptop in case it &quot;looses&quot; my wireless adaptor again 
 oh sweetie  I'm sorry 
Man I really wanna go see Beyonce on tour!
Had to spit into a tissue.
It stuck to my tongue.
so tired, i want miami back 
who wants to go see shellac tonite or tmrw night?
or the queers tonite?
i wish i still had friends who went to shows still 
 Haha!
Dissatisfied with my current life 
Sitting at Nates.....Nothing to do!!
My life has hit rock bottom, my mom got OS 3.0 before I did.
I'm so ashamed.
 I would bring you some in a heartbeat if you could have them.
I would be so much happier if my Cafe was one of the ones where writers and poets and artist hung out 
 idk but im not, im bored at home  are you going tomorrow
I don't feel good and just want to go to sleep and can't fall asleep 
  ALL of my grandparents were living til just a few years ago.
Now I'm down to my 2 grandmas.
  no umbrella for me..
where is Rhianna when you need her!
lol!!
 that's sad  LOL
 Why did you have to get my hopes up 
 I haven't been able to access it all day 
 awww I'm so sorry!
Happens to the best of us.
 any tours planned for the near future?
i miss seeing you and your amazingness 
Normally i love the sound of the docks at night, tonight too noisy 
ready to go home...tired of the gym...24 more minutes on the bike 
  everything is picked over.
 I'm late  I was practicing with the choir !!
 ing up with new phones to outdate my current phone right after I get it.
 Noticed you just unfollowed me.
I apologize if I did something wrong 
other beautiful day but once again im stuck inside  and  really want some chocolate!!!!
i juat want what ever i have to go away!
 maybe a tad better than yesterday.Hoping I ddnt give it  to my in-laws.
They spent the wkend here  What's with your phone?
 jillian?
i rarely see her on 
  Hiya...
was just rescuing a bird from one of the cats.
Might be too late, he's pretty hurt.
 sorry abut the crisis   I hope all is well
I had to walk to my gradmothers house, because my car broke down in town...
finally got home after a while.
on the phone with my very good friend, but she not funnier than my bff...
I MISS U 
ughhh so bored 
Got my first search engine hit on the site, but the search term was 
hands r frozen ..i'm finding some music.yea i'm always bored all my fri-ends r at school no-one to talk too 
 Right now, they don't consider green features in the value.
A 2000 sq ft home with or without green are the same value.
 You made 1500??
Duuuude wtf!!
I hate you bro  xx
after 3 long days all my papers are finally finished.
Too bad I have to start the next group due at the end of next week.
 Poor beagle with the cone.
kok masih belum di approve ya sama bubu award untuk blog competition, padahal uda bayar 
boreeeeeed 
thinks Chace Crawford made a wrong move by signing up for the remake of Footloose 
 Okay I decided I'm out for Pride Fest.
It's supposed to rain all weekend.
I'm going to the Apple store instead heh.
 any idea what the day two entry is for 3G S?
Missed the show it was announced on 
i hate my father he is fat ugly and he sucks!
i want to be alone father day  ugh!
ugh, my oral presentation for espanol is tommorow and i dont even know what to say 
* -  in a Good mood .
on Aim &amp; stuff .
.
.
just relacksing .
miss Goldie .
.
she's in the Hospital  grr , i miss my bessfren chenelle , 2
 you'll make it, just hang in there.
Remember the HashTag!!
Eating Mexican Carne Asada &amp; French fromage PS: Grandpa is very sick from cancer &amp; was rushed to the ER  I lost my apetite :[
  BOO!
I only like their ice...
the food makes my tummy hurt
One Korean newspaper said iPhone is going to release in July by KT(Korean telecom company) and KT denied it officially.
What's going on 
Going up to Lampeter tomorrow so no tweets until Friday  Wales Anthropology Day here I come!
 you walked without me??
haha I'm not sure...might have to wait til next week now    When did Hester die?
  kok masih belum di approve ya sama bubu award untuk blog competition, padahal uda bayar 
 just stay at home widdddd  BOREDOM menimpa !!
Thinking about you 
Blahhh migraine  going home early.
At 8
  that sounds a tad sucktastic.
I'm not happy in this days and never been sad this much 
 lucky  i ordered mine on amazon and it still hasn't come yet 
 I'm down for the count on the 3.0 update right now.
Forced me to restore my phone.
Iphone 1 bigjstl 0.
My WMP hates me tonight~ I can't listen to the game.
  Whaaaaah, my sideline producer is gonna miss the show tonight!!!!!
Lol!
Have a blast, mwah!!
 no ma'am  i have work friday morning at 8.
and from past experiences.....
i just don't go hahahaha it's hell.
I miss  !!!
tweet tweet!!!
Saying goodbye to a really good friend tomorrow.
She's moving to Syria for college and I probably won't see her ever again.
I want to go back to Scotland 
 OH NO!
They started following me today!
Bad news?
Scamming soldiers = REALLY bad Karma!
I GIVE UP!
Nothing I do in life seems to be right.
Nothing ever lasts more than a day for me.
Hope atleast this week i should post a stuff in my blog.Twitter hijacks all my time 
 Noticed you just unfollowed me.
I apologize if I did something wrong 
groundeed all summer long...
couldn't find anything more boring than staying home everyday!
 Noooo  I don't like this
 yea 
aw fuck, I think my new Bose headphones are broken 
I just wish something great would happen to me for once, and last longer that a day or two 
 I should sound record between using vac.
It's an audible stream down here 
I'm so dreading tomorrow.
- - lol
sick.
thanks alot, guy who made me cry...
please tell me your reasons 
Ok really cant sleep this bed is like a brick with spikes wa 
 I wish I could take summer school 
 Awhh  You'll get into the groove of summer soon enough
 what happened?
i was in the hospital for a concussion 
Broke a cymbal tonite  bye bye money.
Got into a &quot;discussion&quot; w/ mom and dad today bout my music.
Lots of fun :\
 Thank you for the link!
I love to cook and try new things.
I'm getting better at it 
clearly stresin out sry for the profanity 
 Are you still okay and well?
Attempting to mix EVS_055 with no headphones.
Old cans broke, and im also fucking broke.
Will be interesting to see how this turns out 
 so i guess this means i can't call u AT ALL tonight?!
I was supposed to go to Camp Newman today, but some of the counselors have swine flu, so camp opening is delayed.
Isn't that horrible?
 i *heart* you, but i'm v forgetful sry I feel v.
bad now 
 oh, man that stinks!
Summer colds are the WORST...who's got a good remedy that actually works, I feel like I've been hit by a darn MAC TRUCK 
 until I get the house 
Ughh,there's something in my eye!
It's been there all dayy and I can't get it out  xx
 I didn't get one either 
Heading back to the burbs after an amazing day in Boston.
I miss living in MA - there is no place like it 
HugeCrushOnBlackKeys !
IJustLoveThisSong.Oh.my.god.
Nick.Jonas.Has.An.Amazing.Voice.And.The.Song.Is.Totally.Sad.And.Cute.At.The.Same.Time 
I just got wrangled into going camping this weekend..all I wanted to do was sleep in &amp; relax 
 someone on ur facebook told me u disconnected ur number...is that true?
Its a Courtney is missing  evening 
going to bed because i have to be at work at 6am 
neeeeeeeeeed friendssss!
is going to miss new york   
guuuuuuuuuh  my body is aching so much.
i dont even wna go down stairs kuss it hurts too much.
 failed at killing my firefly but did scare him away 
If you read this...im sorry.
i really and truly am sorry 
 im need u to believe me if u dont who will  LOL
 you're not allowed to bring any cameras in though i heard  only they get to take the pictures.
but it will be SO EPIC...
 hmm...
with 3.0 software you can't do that anymore, just says &quot;installed&quot;   (and not updated?)
Bad news bridewars is out of date in cinema poor us    we must do something fun!
Before  left  you!
 some people are just jerks and some have been pushed too far.
Either way, you don't deserve it and I'm sorry 
 gurl...im gonna miss you  Miss Syd and I leave this weekend...XO  Promise a Numbers father xmas night during vaca 
 ~ Which movie should I see this weekend?
&quot;Hangover&quot; or &quot;Pelham&quot;?
Cannot afford to see both ...
 Also, glad to hear your bf is ok.
That must have sucked.
No insurance.
Any bills yet?
*sigh* My assignment is becoming uglier and uglier.
I should have done this in pencil after all.
Gonna have to cancel handing this up
 I get your replies so late and I forget what I tweeted UGH.
I have been neglecting twitter 
@ my mom's job .
.
Service sucks &amp; I want some hot coco 
neeeeeed friendssss  bed, then school, be home !
Thats poo  &lt;?&gt; &lt;?&gt;
 The reason I said that is because I remember being almost addicted to it.
And haven't touched it in about a month 
 Hello Stress...
 Yep constantly as well as Britney spam followers too  just keep blocking them and they keep coming back...
today has been soooo boring !
 yes it is our time is rather limited at the moment  but we're all about pot leaf pasties
 Wow,  that's pretty cool that you had/have them in your life for as long as u did.
I know I missed out on that bond 
nope  
 I can't believe you're not going to the jonas brothers concert, how about that money spent  you were so excited about it
dang-it, didn't get a shirt from Hooters, they had no guy shirts.....
I'm pretty sure the whole of tonight could not get any worse 
 so, when my iphone comes to me on friday afternoon, i'll try to call you  i love ya bestiiees
 and I just ate it  I can't leave them alone, they're callin me!
 I tried that first!
If it could send on behalf of a distribution group it would work fine, but it can't 
SYTYCD this season is SO hard to judge because they all are SO good but Caitlin and Jason did not impress tonight.
Downloading the new 3.0 update for the iPod Touch ...
I'm on one of the fastest connections in Bali and it will still take 4 hours 
 aw.
I hope he's okay.
I love .
She's coming to console me 
My iPhone running OS 3.0 , wife's bricked trying to install it, no luck trying to restore yet 
wanted to have some furniture b4 lexi's partay 
 i miss hosp 
 Come get me man...
how bout i puked on my way here man 
So bored...
I miss my kitten...
...3 great friendships i lost on facebook due to friends trippin off of drama, and i know alot of it..wasn't my fault lol, not all of it 
 Miss you tooo.
Sorry didnt reply your text i was in camp.
They took my phone 
My twitter is being weird  The little reply button won't cooperate!
He forgot about me again  twice in one day
So not looking forward to having MRIs done.
I can think of a million other things I'd rather do on a day off  Frustrating!
 LOL I had one a few years ago lol He knew what time I worked out and would wait across from my building in the mornings 
 WANT MILEY CYRUS AT JONAS BROTHERS SHOW IN MONTREAL 
anyone know why changing tracks doesn't work with streaming stereo bluetooth in  iphone 3.0 software.
the sound part works as does pause 
Now she's been gone too long.
The idea is better than the reality...
I miss her.
*sigh* Watching a United season review thing.
It makes me sad.
(Also, am v.
worried about Roo without Cris.
And not in the slashy way.)
  was SOLD OUT.
have to see it tomorrow.
so sad, i'm tweeting about it.
I have spent most of my afternoon lying in bed trying to feel better.
It hasn't been a huge success.
:/ Still feeling sick 
working all this week and next week  father's day on sunday do not forget your father's
still misses him  and worries like it's her job or something..
&gt;_&lt; Work's fine; an interesting coworker, ha!
o_O Lots of typing, what fun!
 Mine has worked, but unfortunately the phone got reset to factory settings 
 Not as productive as I would like.
I still have laundry, clothes organization, vacuuming and taking out the trash.
i forgot to buy a dvd for my friend record the second season of Kyle XY for me  
im so glad that ther is a character called san serif in the spirit.
i want my name to be san 
 wow, what happened?!
there should be sympathy cards for such things.
i'm sorry.
where's ?
I was down all day, needed a damn pick me up and didn't see a tweet from that man 
Missed the beach today  Now the cables out which means no Charmed!
Does anyone know if the Sirius XM iPhone app plays all channels, including Howard 100,101?
Does it work over 3G?
Doubt it to both 
as if thangs arent bad enuff i jus found out ma love will b leavin in 2wks 4 a year...*sigh*...realli speechless 
  don't lie to the lady...
u know u don't reply JT tis tis  ha, kiddin
I stubbed my toe (remember I did this a few weeks ago too), but this time it's my pinky toe &amp; it's now red &amp; swollen 
 I hope so...
but I just saw some /more/ lightning, so nope, not yet.
Ow.
I got too much sun today.
Ouch tummy ache 
 yeah well kinda...
My homeboy works for AT&amp;T n he said the mms won't b on until end if summer 
At boba.
And some guy keeps giving me looks 
Got my new bed ordered!!!!
Well its not like I'm going to sleep much in it 
So not wanton to work tonight  
 i know.
sorry to hear you're in data entry hell.
but glad some good music can keep you company.
fuckin big ass waste of money!!!
 
watching csi.
this holiday is totally boring!
a day seems like a year  
is having a bad headache...............
 wipeouts like a game show where you have to complete a corse with activites.
nope nothing good.
why ?
 NO  i didnt kno til today...fuck ahah
  Dang - I was tweeting to the wrong account!
littleknownfact I've never had jambalya 
With 15 min til class, my prof FINALLY emails me to tell me there's NO quiz  coulda enjoyed the sunshine
 which month?
Stores have June still.
Your not on cover 
I have no idea what to get my daddy 
off to work.missing tllts.
I wish the rain would come back.
and also misses some ppl back home 
Okay, now the mosquitoes are attacking......
 That sucks, I hate it when little kids get sick.
talking to richie, half day tomorrow, hair appointment and then graduation.
party after, cell 
stress bites your balls  so does always worrying about others happiness and focusing on yours last.
lameee..
 Yes!
So far I am feeling sort of blah toward it.
I did manage to hack into tethering prematurely.
Still working on MMS.
ready to leave.
miss Marley already 
 oh i know!
uuggghhhh i missed out last night but i had nothing to wear!!!!
the mall is callin my name!
 wish I was there 
No MMS for AT&amp;T iPhone 3.0 users yet 
 aww i feel bad for you 
 Not yet.
We have 6 days left though!
So close!
 dear claire, have not seen you at work all week 
 I hate when that happens.
That one had some juicy miles.
summers suck on wednesday nights - nothing comes on tv 
At my little sewing corner..
Tired?
Yes ..
Yes I am..
I want my bf 
Went to panda and now i gotta play volleyball for an hour  aw well
I somehow cracked the screen on my laptop that I bought in feb and I cant use it nemore 
 Please..didn't get 2 meet U at Bamboozle  Jealous of your UK fans, they got 2 sew with U..NYC where?
when?
PRETTY PLEASE
Hello 3.0.
Goodbye scrobbling.
I'll miss you.
iphone
Having some fun  with the new iPhone update.
Oh well hope it's worth it, althought the picture text does not work till late July.
@ my cousin house losin hella money 
 why does everyone wanna runaway?
had a really horrible day.
i hate my job more than anything!
anyone wanna get me a new one?
the chem regents was so weird today...
in my bedroom...rockin out to my new JB cd.
YES!
and Kayla and her friend are making fun of me.
Maybe it's my huge pink bow?
Hmmm...
Blogger won't let me save a draft and i don't want to post until I've had time to reread it later.
The funeral downstairs is really sad......
AND NOISY.
 yeah tell me about it.
Friend is insisting I look at her new pics.
My sinuses!!!
Ahhhhh.
Ever get that feeling that ur so congested in the face?
Uggh.
It's throbbing 
I'm losing my twitter buddies.
Private M?
reunion screening at 11 AM on Monday in Toronto.
I WANNA GO.
*I can't stay 2 year old has decided to start screaming  fitfam bluebox
still only two followers potentially there is no fame here 
It's still connecting!
Don't geyt to see jonathan, kupono, phillip, or their partners dance 
Preparing myself for the sanity abyss known as work.
make me a bookmark please?
I'm using a subscription card from a magazine.
 shutttt it!
im hongry!
Chillling at home....never found those m&amp;m's  i miss them
 Ppl love to see you quwheel....
 its good.
Imma make a class for your kind.
Like that show on vh1.
You my number one contestant k?
I miss my wittle chunckerz 
Watching Pretty Woman alone  Keith and Louie are at Michaels for the night
I and my ex-roomie shared same first name and last name (ya its funny) and now I seethat our credit reports r ALL MIXED UP i.e screwed up 
Having a TERRIBLE time getting files ON to a Dane-Elec SD card  Comp says isn't formatted, then can't format it!
Off to find answers.
 hey hun!
U see how they do me?
.
Me too 
 I am so ready to Pump it Up on Friday.
My muscles are currently turning to mush.
: If you mean the 30&quot; generally, totally.
I've had it about a year.
Unfortunately I've had to move into a tinier workplace 
 Yeah, I know  And yeah, it's pretty good.
Sitting in California missing her Big Daddy!!!!
 I am sure sorry about it.
People have no respect or restraint anymore.
 What did I miss today?
Do tell, do tell.
I feel so bad not being able to make class.
Missing the people I love so very much, and cant see anymore!
I need them now more than ever.
heading out to my game tonight as a spectator only  nite nite!
  I miss you kid!
is heading to London next week for webMethods 8 launch.
Just 2 days too late to catch the T20 world cup final at Lord's.
 but your company smellZ 
Something (probably a bird  ) just hit the 5th floor library window
damn!!
need to restore, there's stuff on touch before update i need 
 yeah mac, i cant play the video...
i wanna see it.
it looks great by the title!
watching Disaster movie.....
lol then going to bed, not feeling well  goodnight xo
 I missed the episode!
out of all days not to watch....
 i miss you  glad to see u tomorrow
 I wish i could have gone to WDW for my bday  the crowds are just WAY too crazy to even try.
 ahhhh!!!
san fran!!
cant waitt!!
but i might not go cuz my mom's being a bitch 
Is super gutted, her BB got lost between telecom auckland and the people running the XT Network FB pages location.
No BB for me 
 haha i've never seen it.
is it really that bad?
sorry i wasn't able to make it on sunday.
I was sick 
 Bad tooth, that I've been neglecting way too long.
uggghhh I need another Root Canal
It's a sad day - When the rootbeer runs out.
Looooooooooooooooooong story!
Short version: got a splinter in his arm - it got infected because the Drs.
staff didn't do their job 
 did you fall sleep   work all day tomo.
Hope everyone in PGH is safe and dry!
What a mess!
Sorry, Millvale.
 I was thinking the same thing-ish.
And then I got sad because they are no longer together.
 that should help tremendously.
Those drugs are terrible.
I don't like being disappointed 
At la cascada and the food is taking sooo long And the chips and salsa bowl is empty  Fml
 Sry to hear that 
No MMS for AT&amp;T iPhone 3.0 users yet  lol 
i am still so bored.
Yep looks like my marriage is over...appt with the lawyer tomorrow @ 1:00.
thinking what to do with this fucking house I cant afford anymore 
so hungry!
and so poor 
Tools are down.
Tony is sad.
fun day..
but now sick to my stomach 
 was told to email and have the subject magnometer, anything else i need to know.
i just got home 
 I wasn't invited  I'm not cool
 yea Twitter has a tendency to be a little annoying sometimes!
i usually have to keep refreshing for it to actually show!
 awwh.
im gonna miss out on not seeing you.
Birthday on Sunday...
looks like nothing exciting is happening 
  WELCOME TO CANADA!
Hope you feel at home!!
Wish I could be in Toronto with you.
I miss my bestfriend  and an uber excited
@ dance...
i luv dance but am honestly not having much fun 
in San Jose, can't find Lagunitas anywhere  about to try a beer called fat weasel.
crossing my fingers it doesn't suck.
NEW POST!
 I am DJing tomorrow night starting at 9 
DAMN IM WATCHIN MAN VS FOOD AND THEYRE IN MY HOMETOWN CHICAGO SHOWIN AN ITALIAN BEEF SANDWICH DAMN I MISS HOME!!
DALLAS FOOD SUCKS
is going to bed in 20 minutes   
about to go to bed...
work tomorrow 6 a.m.
uhhhhhhhhhhhh 
 per poken abt 1mil ppl have so far.
i don't yet, figure it will be common 2yr from now.
dropcard site doesn't tell much w/o signup 
Dropped my iPhone in Cape Cod today  Gonna ziplock it up with some uncooked rice and do a mobile resurrection ceremony.
found out my books have been back ordered.
Too bad, I really wanted them this weekend 
Just got back from swimming!
Time to study math.
FML.
 I just did it myself - works well so far, although mine was jailbroken and some stuff is missing so I need to re-do....great 
yay, school is out!!!
Sorta, start summer school next tuesday 
Everybody ignores the dad subject?
Idk what to do haha 
We just got our power back on.
I hate thunderstorms.
Getting my ass handed to me at the poker table tonight...
Jebus.
Nothing of consequence to say, but I'd like my postie to stop eating all the parcels I get sent.
 hahaha aww I wish I could come but I have work  boooo!
 I miss you too 
I have the biggest headache 
 I am lost.
Please help me find a good home.
last two days of preseason 
wished i wasn working today 
Man, when is my new bed coming in??
 The only Aus show?
Crap.
doesn't want stefie to leave tomorrow.
just so sick and tired of drama.
Ready to leave it all aloneee !
Move on !
Goooooddd i miss my baby 
  i think all the technology are striking out on me.
now i have iTunes issue, it would just close down 
is waiting for almost 45 minutes for  call...
sorry  for keeping u wait for us...
 Your work fails.
I wish more cool people filmed here.
in San Jose, can't find Lagunitas anywhere  about to try a beer called fat weasel.
crossing my fingers it doesn't suck.
NEW POST!
Trying to beak in a new pair of heels.....stupid wide feet 
bad day 
Sitting at home missing bellydance 
dont be mad, dont get mad at me 
going to study more.....grrrr 
  no email....I need a Twugs from you
 So confusing!
I'm using Twitter to get the questions, and will have two pages open to do this.
fitfam bluebox
 its not 
I am so NOT a fan of either of the last two commercials, I'm afraid the magic has been lost, What a shame.
.almost out of work 
On a training call as I tweet.
Tweet me this, twitter me that - I just missed a call from my best friend Matt.
 sorry madi i can't play 2morro cause im going to a party.
sorry!
N810 keeps freezing every 2-3 minutes .
.
.
May have to send it back 
 Hope your head feels better 
I'm not getting a vacation this year 
idk what id do without my phone..
i would never leave my phone just to go a friends house.
id make them bring me back and get it..
:O ;)
Now I'm just sitting here alone in the dark.
Why won't anyone text me?
I have to return my students' first exam tomorrow.
They need to work on their study skills.
So tired!
My husband leaves again Monday 
i hate video chatting with my parents.
it makes me homesick 
 come to puerto rico please 
I miss my bro   and once I he gets home he will be moving to Miami in a few weeks   Pro:I will have pl to stay in MIA ;)
ok, now I have Danity Kane's Damaged in my head...oh how I miss them  I still want my strawberries!
 Probably not, now.
The job I got is from 1-5PM, M-F, so I think my hubby will have kids at pool more than me.
 my work laptop crashed today-im not sure if i can get my files back....my whole year's worth of work 
Watching slumdog millionaire.
Its so good but sad 
Graduations take too long &gt;_&lt; feeling kinda sick to top it off 
 I miss you too niggga.
you don't text me nomore!
 i love the guild!
but now that I sold my 360 i can't watch it anymore!
Is there another place to watch it?
not on psn 
 here there is only 30 minutes left 
Uhh what's all the 3.0 hype about.
I shouldve stuck with jailbroke 2.x  I miss cydia...
 i had a dream last night that involved being in a room with hundreds of rats jumping on me  hence why im still up xx
the excitement about iPhone 3.0 and the Xbox has been dampened by this terrible food poisoning 
is going to Second Cup with  and Launa.
I have to leave my little Lucas at home.
 I have no idea...
it will depend on my transportation situation.
My tranny fell outta my truck!
 - I miss it so much 
My knee is still hurting...
I'm limping!
Made about 4% progress in Metroid Prime 3, then met an untimely game over screen.
rain..
rain...
might not be able to camp this weekend...
Be a new video up tonight.
But the 2 bad things are I still have.
Cold and I don't have a SciPhone 
Its raining,and I'm sleepy 
 i wish i felt the same!
i hate working out.
  
Trying to count all 100 supposed improvements to iOS 3.0 (have 70 of them jumped out and hopped in the 3GS?
- cont
I fucking hit an all time low  I wanna leave but the world won't lt me go
 I stopped reading after NIC.
 lol aww I wish...but I'm stuck at work 
My trusty P4 with a broken 17&quot; LCD is not cutting the mustard today 
Sadly no, the kiss didn't help with the pain, she laughed at me 
 lolololololol it was a first date.
no sparks either.
Just finished my early breakfast for which I had no appetite.
The porridge was tasteless, made me wanna vomit 
I miss boo so much, i want to shnuggle him so much right now 
I wanna save the world!
Lol!
That would never happen!
 I heard that!
Poor David!
His Dad loses at life.
While I was biking, a spider bit my neck  does that mean I will turn into a vampire or something?
i can't believe i missed the aaron carter phone # craziness 
 Ew!
makes me want to vomit 
I must be reminded to stir my Milo.
Why the hell don't I own &quot;Strictly Ballroom?&quot;  It's the sort of movie I get a sudden, pining need to watch, but I don't OWN it...
 I feel the same  Tomorrow will be better, I hope.
The big kids are watching wipeout...cracking up!
They love that show!!
A is asleep Mr.
Fish is watching Taken and I...well I am working 
The boys nasty allergies have morphed to 102 degree fevers &amp; T slept 5 hours this afternoon.
Lots of hand washing at our house tonight 
 sorry to hear about that 
stressing a lot lately..
thats y my body doesn't have the enough of sleephours to spend on  wished it was next week..
no lessons
going hate her hiptop phone so bad 
Writing my 5-8 pg paper that's due tomorrow as well as making a presentation, also due tomorrow.
Boo 
ugh my house sitting is coming to an end 
 awww poor 2 she lost.
but awesome u found a home together for the other 2 ;-)
 Awwwww, Pink, I hope you feel better!!!
I'm sorry you're not feeling well!!
If I don't text back, my phone has officially split in half.
hopefully my dad will let me get a new one...
 Thats what I was afraid of.
Guess I'll have to wait for my cool copy and paste.
Almost time for bed.
Kendyl is cranky.
Her mouth must hurt.
tomorrow's gonna be a veeeety long day 
 That sucks man  split up with mine last week, it's not fun.
But life does indeed go on.
 Whoop shout out to BAA!
but even they have fallen off 
is home alone without his girls 'til Sunday night as they are in MO for Marla's grandpa Lunsford's funeral...&quot;how dry I am....&quot; 
At the doctor again for my toe since in didn't get better the first time 
On the phone with my baby.
I miss him so much.
I cant dailybooth  powers out.
Thank god for mobile updates 
 Oh no!
I missed out on tea &lt;sob&gt; 
 cheer up, we hate seeing you down..
we wanna see that pretty smile again 
SO STRESSED OUT ....
car stinks of curry 
Woah.
Been back in Canada for 36 hours - and jet lag hits me like a hammer.
Night all!
broken heart...again 
Am I really tweeting not texting not calling not pinning not turning around to converse with my fellow colleagues?
Hell yeah!
i'm not feeling well today 
 I'm getting there though 
 its a long story...its not very pleasant either 
I feel like I'm in a funk...
  It's a two-part process.
Today was cleaning and getting an impression.
Tomorrow, I get the inlay 
that was not a fun dinner experience  blahhh
Hard day digging ditch and installing electric line yesterday.
Today more of the same.
Long day.
Got to walk in the morning...
uhg!
my tummy hurts 
 just gonna throw the twitter jump off in my face...
OK.
Collective group hug to  !!!
Braves are losing at the moment!
They need to win!
speaking of food, I'm kind of hungry.
I'm in the mood for asparagus but am broke.
 duuuude what's up with you!
long time no talk/see 
e some creepy/sketchy people are following me  i think it's due to all my iranelection tweets.
umm, BLOCK!
 whats the point tbh, i'm going to bed, you know where your sleeping?
in my room again, so be quiet when you come in 
 I wish I could think of a good resolution for you besides a feed reader 
is layin here thinkin bout stuff..
still cant get to sleep!
this sucks big time!
lol
 well thanks to you, we ran out of medallions at work 
 because i miss everyone.
  I remember when my boys were young they ate turkey necks.
now with fewer teeth, no turkey necks 
 i feel bad for me too  lol im pretty much guaranteed to fail haha
POUNDING headache.
Want to blog, we'll have to see if this goes away.
in baltimore with my momma enjoying the beautiful view of the harbor from our hotel room!
just wish the weather was nicer 
Feeling bad.
Could not swing hooking up with Mistress-kind of a last minute opportunity.
Still, miss the moments I get to share with her.
Waiting for news of a furry friend in hospital.
The waiting is always the hardest part isn't it?
So tired and sleepy but still need to go to school!
Cherry sprite....still just...isn't right.
I think my tweets suggest I have bipolar disorder hahahah 
 Very sadly because I have a 9 yo 
sorry i missed an oportunity that could have changed everything 
 that sucks.
will i be online tomorrow?
when im at the airport, yeah.
(:
horrible weather where I live.
there are tornado warnings.
 Heard, but did not see.
I should've skipped the stupid award thing 
Just found out that my MAX session proposal about BitmapData/AR was rejected because it was in the FMS section.
 i knooooooowww i'll be at lakewood more sooo let me know when you are going!
 u should be here nowwwwwwwww!!
i miss u 
 I wish I could celebrate with you tonight, not feeling great yet though  have fun, I miss you!
  I feel ok.
No needles today - hooray!
But I have to go back 
Sytycd I love the ChBABE, but that didn't look good...
watching summer of sam at home with  this movie is so sad.
anything regarding love and pain..breaks my heart 
 I googled it and used the first result, totally forgot site name!
: oiii!
not cool  yeah, its best to do that lol.
at least this made up for it!
 how come?
I need to lose the weight!
Dieting hasnt worked.
Im over 100 lbs overweight 
I really hope its not real.
Recovering....DANG my mouth is hurting!!!
 nope, too late &lt;/3  *runs away flailing arms and crying*
High as a kite but sad that someones mad at me.
I love my baby!!!!
At the hospital with the wifey...
27 wks having contractions...
Too ealry for a baby   please pray
 No  But I'm seeing them tomorrow!
Are you?
just got this twitter  and now im at my grandparents 
Ahh im bored and lonely!
Where in the world is my cuddle buddy 
just woke up..wasn't able to prepare breakfast for my niece and nephew 
Man Microsoft, I wanted to download Magic when I got home.
I wish I hadn't I gave in to morbid curiosity and watched Tommy Cooper's death on youtube :/ 
I'm disappointed that the new iPhone OS doesn't support MMS yet 
 
I hate it when I get new stuff and can't even touch it til the end of the day 
Went to go layout at my pool, and there was no flippin sun ugh!
Now im super bored 
 I'm not so good, not going to the gym tonight 
  rofl.i agree it's boring (y) i'm going on the train today ;) I'm so sad that i'm going to have to fight bumblebee in my game 
My bwister is HUGE it makes me feel bad fer ppl who git sup burnt on der faze 
 That's cause we were all waiting for Pichu so we could have his party.
He didn't come....
 gasp!
is it dyingggg?
why doesnt jacknthebox in bakersfield have the mini sirloin burgers??
this upsets me...
About to get some dinner.
Alora's out on her scooter without shoes.
I hope she doesnt stub her toe.
 I is ban there 
 Hello Miss Selena, wish i could be there but alas no ride dor the hour drive there 
so much stuff to put away so much stuff 
Blogtv isnt working for me since I rebooted my computer  I tryed to go to  's show.
But it wouldnt even load...
?!
the sky today isn't very blue...
Finished carving.
Need to re-pour a little of the center with an eyedropper tomorrow.
Used a cooler melting point and got holes up top 
 whats wrong  ?
&lt;3
Got a new cousin on the 11th named Benjamin!
but he is currently in the NICU cause he is having problems breathing.
summer is great so far i guess, nothing is..really peaceful as i wish it was.
I'm shocked that simple pleasures like dates haven't been tried by others!!
It's so sad to be geographically restricted 
Gaaahh!!
Where is help when you need it?
Argh this is so sad.
Home alone the whole day today.
- 
 awww im sorry about ur train...:/so im guessing we wont b seeing you tonight 
 i wish 
 I wish I was coming to you show  I want to go but I'm not allowed to attend a show outside of my area (Montreal).Plz Come here!!
Just decided to take down my home machine to update to fedora 11, and switch from dead lcd to old crt.
Killed my 70 day uptime though 
Home sweet home.
Running on two hours of sleep.
I shall miss you Alaska.
 Nah boo...tht doesnt sound like a good look!
AWW  it sounds painful!
Boy u betta put some water on that damn shit!
lol
looking for new pumas, a car and a longboard (skate).
yeah this is gonna take a while 
 then he shoulda been came 
I have to get rid of my dog 
 crap i just got your tweet and my mom already left  but having sex with me is basically the same thing so....
 I'm so mad I'm going to Atlanta &amp; ur goin 2 be in my city on fri  F&amp;$K.
I wrote u a letter 7-20-08 @ 6 FLAGS!
I blew it again at work today.
Sent out an email that was condescending.
I did follow it up at the end of the day with an apology
fever's subsided.
yay!
bronchitis still very much there..
sigh 
another day with the books 
 I text just to get straight to the point, as I don't always have time to make small talk.
I do understand the predicament, tho.
 hello Miss Demi, i wish i could be there but theres no ride there...
no one wants to drive me the hour trip 
only burned the oatmeal choc chip cookies  which are my favorite.
but THAT'S OKAY.
not really.
and the brownies are cakey 
Sometimes I wish I could wipe the OS from my hard-drive and replace it with a new one.One less cynical,sharp-tongued and evil.
I'm a PC.
Bed time now, up early tomorrow 
 LOL, aw!
That's sweet!
Tell me, what do you think about the Mayweather/Marquez fight being postponed 
  did you get injured again today?
Homework 
it  seems like as soon as i take one step forward life shoves me two steps back 
We're not spamming anybody, we're asking real questions!
Why's that bad?
 My skin has never been the same after having kids..
i couldn't stop laughing because of you guys.
i miss you all sooooooooooo 
Hmmm...
I looked, can't find him anywhere 
Shopping is the cure for a hangover..with my chicas.
Back to work tomorrow 
Troy Marshall will be speaking for chapel tomorrow!
Have to give it a miss  Leaving for Kuching for missions.
 I want nuggets with sweet sour sauce 
weather is very bad, storms, tornadoes, floods, horrible stuff 
Everyone should like where they work, it makes me sad when I hear that people hate being here.
 right I used to love them so much n was devastated when dat happened but now I just can't find dat fire again 
Downside to having a TV in front of the elliptical?
I don't stop .
.
.
Now I feel nauseated 
 i tried that a couple days ago and it never came 
*Hello!
So they say we're out of resection but am still broke 
Its almost 10 i wanna make spageti  but mommys ganna get mad  im HUNGRY!
Headache...SHIT it hurts 
corrupt army medic !
free link (NOT   ) 
Back in Texas.
No air conditioning.
juss realized she twisted my deads the Wrong Way!!!
aaaahhh Im Soo mad, now I gotta twist em up Again....myself 
 i think i'm having becca withdrawls 
really tired...
Hungover all day!!!
It was worth every paranoid, tired and horrible feeling,..
gonna miss CBJ and all the journos so much 
i want holiday so badly 
 sooo i tried eating cheesesticks a few mins ago and just didnt work out!
i tried!
sorry  haha
I just beat that boss I was stuck on and it turns out Xaldin was there watching the whole freaking time.
What an asshole.
just got home from Borders.
More homework 
is bummed that you can't send pics or tether with the new iPhone 3.0 software.
Sun burnt from the parade 
 hey Justin!!
how are you?
im not doing too good  so much has happend in the past few days and it stinks 
 Been there.
i feel like crying 
At a friends house...
dance class was canceled.
 im sad the fearless tour has no stop in FLORIDA,or nowhere near FLORIDA 
i never went  we tried to go on a sunday and it was closed
Bored because my daughter is spending the night at her father's and my son is asleep.
 bring umbrella   you may need it!
Paperwork, sick cats, and no AC...it's gonna be a long night.
No longer going to Sydney!
Couldn't afford to feed myself or get around.
Goodbye Dreams...
*dies*
So tired...
but we're still at the imax  yawn...
I already watched this movie and its nowjere near done...
 Ghostbusters isn't on the Wii?
Now I'm bummed 
 you're making me really want to see you on tour...
if only there was a tour date in northern cali 
I am in a REALLY bad mood right now.
I don't know why.
Lean Pocket &amp; Corndog for Dinner...
I really need to do some shopping.
 Sometimes we do!
My early childhood probably conditioned me to not fear earthquakes.
Tornadoes came later.
Dun dun DUN.
I can't stand the helplessness of the elderly...
it seems so awful 
 the contemp one?
I hated that!
I hate a lot of tonight 
 @ work  we close late today
Omg!
Huge car fire on the 405 southbound!
I hope no one was injured.
my tummy hurts 
 Are you still sick?
so I have a knot in my throat and I can't stop crying.
Boy in the Stripped Pajamas is so sad.
 lol that movie is gonna scare me 
 cnt find a babysitter 
 I'm sorry, it's already gone.
It's all for the best.
Really.
  haha.
i think i got rid of a ton of mine before i moved a few years ago  unless some of it is in storage.
I should go look for it
Didn't manage to have my beef carpaccio last nite cos the restaurant was so so so crowded!!!
 My phone doesnt want me to use Twitter I guess 
I just deleted my monthly &quot;announce clepy&quot; reminder in Google Calendar.
Sad.
ebay blogs Please help put the Ebay bloggers in a better mood they are sad 
 me too.
i skipped my exit and waited til he left the hwy then doubled back.
i've been bullied/stalked like that before, 
Needs help in restaurant city.
My employees always die 
First Spaceport Ever Begins Construction on Friday: (what...
no cloud city?
I'm disappointed  ) space
 I can do, too!
Well, whatever my iPod supports 
Just wrote another song-this one is kind of sad 
is relaxing after a long day at work...
went to the ER to visit my ambulance coworkers...
and learned that my brother has Swine Flu 
 Ugh!
That sucks!
But you need to start using your BB..So that we can BBM!
 i believe you, and it makes me tired to think that anyone can be that lazy and self-serving.
but boys will be boys.
AC503 assignment is giving me a headache.
Too much accounting is bad for your health.
 For real.
It's like a sea of uncontrolled angst, ignorance, &amp; grammar follies.
 It's odd.
I usually see the Jays and Woodpeckers around...but nothing at all this year.
Not even at Reifel 
hating finals 
I feel so bad for dad.
He's fixing my car in the panera parking lot when he could be sleepin right now 
without an iphone till friday...
 goodone &amp; you didnt tell me 
I don't have friends in the new stalking media..
Twitter 
 6- I have some friends that did 12!
I can't believe it's all over 
 i can't d/l it  maybe i'll get it from my home computer instead in the evening...
 I though it was funny.
And I'm not sure a RSS feed reader is worth $30.
Already have Google Reader &amp; NewsFire.
 ha ha spic?
I'm a spic 
for once, i REALLY didn't want it to rain.
all the paint...
 omg i was 90% planning on going and then i was too tired 
does anyone actually have this Creative Vado thing?
like...
why isnt it workin.
its made me mad 
  cheer up...n press ignore on that phone call!
Sorry guys, I have to cut out early.
It's been one of those days.
designchat
Stuck in some traffic   I shouldn't twitter while driving!
lol
 - oct 10 venue we decided on ended up being too small  so we had to start over - 9 venue visits later..
we're at nov 7
 didn't see the name.
 damn, wasnt even close 
 ur very welcome!
btw I luv ur artwork and style in your new title!
I just mostly render 3D graphics since I caint draw much 
OH GOD.
Worst cramps of my life.
omg, myfinger hurts.
handwriting isbetter than typing, but I can only do so much at one time.
I so wanted to get this outline done 2nite 
 didn't even realise you were on Twitter till  mentioned you.
I tried getting your sig once, didn't happen  nvm!
tummy hurting 
Reading about the Air France jet that broke up in the sky is making me scared.
How will I get on a flight next month?
Flying sucks 
 maaaaaaaaaan aint i been on twitter a week?
lol ima leave it alone for another week din but dats wack as hell i want mine shown 
halfway through my final, now time for a forced break 
why do all my favorite members in bands quit?
how depressing.
 Slightly jelous I didnt get to see it 
 yup...
really needs a vacation!!!
it will be a few weeks!
WAIT.
Where's the b-girl???
They have to have b-girl or a hip-hopper!!!
None of those girls looked like they were.
That'd be sad.
I wanna give my phone a smack.
Well, not really its problem, but I realized I missed some important replies  and missed a BBQ!
 no 
 He didn't share 
  Jealous!
Been out fixing fence tonite.
Getting a new mare in a few days &amp; the pasture hasn't been used for a while.
They didn't keep up the fence 
Bread, rice, beef and anything DRY is my WORST enemy.
We're not even halfway there yet  follow  and get that chair backing into a fan's hands instead 
 i hate that you're so close, yet so so far away!
i miss you so much!!
Just leaving work...
Gunna go have a few adult beverages with Mac before she move to AZ 
Argh, when did the forecast do a 180 for this weekend?
We are supposed to go camping!
the lumber crackers lost  hahah
 &quot;FIRECRACKER&quot; I WANT 1   A is twitter the new millennium &quot;HITTER&quot; remember when everybody had 2 have a &quot;PAGER&quot; and u be  ...
 I am stumped.
Should rewatch the video!
fitfam bluebox
I just had a great night with my friends.I'm barely awake but I'm so going to miss some of them 'till Sept 
  why?
has very low vitamin D 
its ok   is treating us all with no love nowadays...
i love u tho mama
 the goatee is the one I want to see most, and the only one obscured 
 it was mentioned in my invitation e-mail, though I wasn't asked for an address.
I probably have to go to a YEE or something 
I am hungry, haven eaten anything before going to school 
Glad to hear the LADIES enjoyed it...
I will have to say a no for me.
All the moves he had were great but I was just ready 4 it to end 
I have been sick in bed all day 
 haha no  im scared of doctors and i have no money!
just got kicked out of my english class  its not my fault if i get a bad report
ITunes is failing me 
sad  i might not go meet  this weekend .
u dont know how much i love them..
ughh my mom said she doesnt know the road of ...
soo jealous ..
doris is eating icee creamm cakee  its my favoritee
 well, how can we change that?
That's not a good way to lose weight at all!!
Even if you know thr notes to sing you will still be flat.
Visit me at work please  kinda bored...no that was a lie.
I am REALLY bored.
a lot of jobs to do 
gdi.
it's too late.
i'm sorry...
Never mind my earlier ChiSec tweet - confused the June 18th announcement f/Austin w/the March 18th one in Chicago 
None of my friends are on twitter, all are on Plurk .
Dublin was more of a cultural excursion after all, could barely afford to eat there let alone get drunk!
A fiver for a pint of cider 
 Oh man...
just heard about that!
I'm throwing mine away since I never used 
i dont feel good 
Sooooooooo hot today, we are melting 
 I'd go with 's suggestion.
Bet going out for lunch in the area will be exciting...
Is watching the Philadelphia Phillies lose 
Can't find anyone I know on twitter, they're all on fb  I feel lonely
Im at work for another 3 hours gow am i gon get thru it  lol so shouldnt of stayed up waitin on the iphone update cuz im fadin fast!!
 I know, that's totally the downside to satellite.
 I guess I'm not!!
 i heard it was sad 
Talking on the phone with my baby..I miss him!!
My lil brother called me 2day 2 tell me he loves nd miss me  He calls me &quot;sister&quot;  I miss him....
Watching So You Think You Can Dance makes me missing dancing 
awwe, phillip and jeanine...
I'm now sad  sytycd
 with me, unfortunately, there's no choice.
My name is so obvious 
So sad, just tried to post a blog from my phone and it didn't work.
I hope Toshi the Laptop will be fixed soon.
Wish I was rich enough to shop at urban outfitters 
I would really REALLY like to be seeing Patrick Wolf tonight at the Mod Club 
I think...
I need to cut sugar out of my diet considering my mom is diabetic.
I keep hearing amputation horror stories.
 
Ugh Photoshop CS4 won't install 
I'm lining up to do math exammm  oh god I'm nervous!
 if you're talking about the logo contest, I didnt enter 4 it, so no..
Too.
Much.
Cream soda.
My stomach hurts now.
Not feeling to well 
 LOL I do!!!!
too bad they're not old enuf to take advantage 
 I'm in Belmont/San Carlos, flying back east tomorrow afternoon.
I was in Half Moon Bay today.
I may drive back west soon.
 my fishey commited sucide lol he jumped outa the bowl i dont think he loved me 
 been getting a lot of mail server bombs lately ..
seems to be a trend gobs of crap traffic is clogging servers all over 
they didnt have any bottlecaps 
CYNTHIA'S HERE!!!!!
&lt;3 oh, how i have missed her.
  YES!!!
Outlook messes up more than 2Gb of archival stuff 
 hahah, yeah.
That's how they made the Bing logo 
God I'm bored.
Where are my friends when I need them?
 I don't think she's on  
Cleaning the apt.
Blah..I miss my bby 
working the hood until 7 am tomorrow 
This pregnancy thing takes waaaay too long.
I just want my little guy here in my arms.
No motivation to work out 
Got my four wisdom teeth removed.
Can't feel my face.
Thank goodness I can't feel anything.
attempt number 8...fail 
Ok I'm sorry but that bitch Brandon don't got that body from not working out.
Aint fair!!!
love makes u happy but it can also kill u 
...
play the Supernatural drinking game.
Take a shot every time Sam says Dean.
That would be hilarious.
And bad for my diet.
Way bad.
Really, really bored!
Still haven't got the JB album yet.
Brain freeze 
i wanted to go to sephora during my break tomorrow but i wont be able to  grrr
Whaaaat am I going to do without my sugaaaaarrrrrrrrrr the thought of no sugar makes me  already
I'M SO FREAKIN HUNGRY!
MY STOMACH FEELS LIKE ITS SINKIN IN!
SOMEONE COOK 4 ME!
ugh...
i am so freakin bored!
I need a massage.
My neck still hurts from getting rear ended 
 i totally had pizza today.
i am shame faced.
Walking home now.
It's soooooo cold outside.
I might break down and take the MTA instead of walking.
Hmmmm .....
chilling at the apartment when I should be downtown.
I had an allergic reaction to the antibiotic I was on and now I have hives 
I can't control my thumb...
its shaking and tapping out of control  oh no!
I am too old in game the sims, hahaha, I think in some days I'm going to die in the game 
 wow congrats Taylor!!
=D I wish i could see you this summer 
Dammn just woke up .
Its so hot!
Lots to do!
First i am goin to brush my teeth, wash face, do laundry, then walk my dog for a bit..
 Oh man, you have VIP???
You have to try to convince them to let me in.
Damn
I can't find nothin to wear to this damn graduation.
listening to john mayer, thinking about one that got away 
 MAN!!
Wish I could be there  squarespace
going to go take a shower then go to &quot;bed&quot;, i graduate tomorrow XD YAY!!
gonna miss my old school so many great memories
Can you wish me luck on a test tomorrow at school?
A huge spider was tryin to share My bed  now sleepin on sofa xo
 I just tried to win tickets to your concert soon, and i didnt  im soooo sad!
I need to see you !
spent twenty minutes entering an undergrad application only to realise it's a postgrad app.
Time to start again.
sorry phillip!
You're up kupono!
my phone need some luvin
Looks like my ear might explode.
Hurts sooooooo bad.
putting aloe vera on my sunburn!
I practically bathed in it sunscreen everywhere but my legs.
That's what burned!
i couldn't stop laughing because of you guys.
i miss you all sooooooooooo much much much 
 Insomnia Maybe?
I know i got it major.
 no fair, I just bought mine this morning 
  no, no imats  ahhhh i guess ill have to try next year
 : i wondered if it was actually as gross as it looks i guess so lol u can't jus put hamburger meet in a wrap 
 nope jus me..
she cant touch me  She is going crazy
 and yes...I have to buy my own lol 
 How come what?
I forgot 
putting my litter sister to bed i wish i wasntt babysitting and could stay on the computer !!!
&quot;Here We Go Again&quot; kind of makes me mad.
the lyrics are just too perfect for my current and seems to be everlasting situation.
I am so broke 
Damn.
Don't get to go out and enjoy free bread Thursday as I'm about to step into a meeting.
Just woke up.
Overslept again.
This has got to stop!
 yes!
totally..
that would be cool..
I'll text her or something..
i dont wanna go to practice thursday 
awesome!
iphone 3.0 broke ALL fams fones -mine!
yea!!
off to b-day dinner, not even hungry &amp; sushi not my fav..
+ 2 MORE proj.
on my desk 
I NEED A JOB.
WHY WONT ANYONE HIRE ME?
IM A DEDICATED HARD WORKER!!
I NEED A JOB!!!
 HELLO!
Wish I could come tmrw but I can't.
 it's pouring here in Seattle.
Don't think we'll male that record.
 Where are all our friends???
I miss    
wanna go to the ppp premire 
 You miqht have to send me onee..it ask for ur email 
Have to call it a night.
Bad storm outside...hope the electric doesn't go off.
Goodnight all and have fun!
ugh i have to get up earlier than usual 
 That's so cool!
I might be driving to S.F.
that day though.
Boo.
 No crazy diets; exercise is much better.
But more time consuming.
Cant wait to  see u tomorrow night!
I wish i can meet u 
Going to my cousins house and I'm the only once who can't speak the language 
sprained my ankel yesterday, &quot;ouch&quot; it hurts, i'm in crutches 
still cranky ...
got so much to do and no time 
Really want to upgrade to 3.0 but just going to have to wait for the jailbreak.
doesn't know what to believe anymore.
My brain hurts 
Looks like my tomatos are a lost cause.
The worms got well over half the leaves while I was gone.
Scratch that part about Persona...
my brother is using the TV.
Nap it is then.
Ouuuuuuuch sunburn  random white smear shows you how good I am at applying my own sunscreen!!
:p 
headache 
 Hey Ben I'm not gonna make it tonight.
Feeling sick.
 what about me?
r  iTunes backs them up.
If you want them to &quot;sync&quot; to your phone, you have to use Outlook 
So Twista shot the new vid @ club Atlantis outside Chicago...
a strip club that looks like a mf'n castle...I wanna go I miss my 2nd home 
Just upgraded to 3.0.
Well, except for copy and paste, not much exciting stuff for 3G.
Need 3.0S 
 It is good but I had to top watchin cuz i get sad at the end 
  how was your day??
i miss you 
 no ma u cnt do it.
told me no...
I miss u too  But i'm gonna see u friday!
and I gotta give you ur NY gifts  lol
 and some realtime tech help too, pls?
Couldn't get in- kept getting got wrong conf id message 
off to bed.
got an awesome cow girl hat at dance.
it makes me laugh.
getting city of bones tomorrow  up at 7 
:Repenting for eating too much 
its not letting me change my pic 
 well I guess u can but not yet.
late summer is what AT&amp;T says
Working on my chibi comic I should have finished last week.
Taking a guided tour of my iPod Touch, trying to work out why games I downloaded last week no longer open.
 :/ Yeah, you might be  This is ridiculous!
Staying in tonight...really not feeling well 
I love my new kitten!
I still miss my old cat though R.I.P.
Tom 
 - she's comming down for fathers day!!
whyyy   
my uncle is a fag bag !
freaking queer changed the channel when i was watching something about the jonas brothers !
ugh, douche nozzle.
Bad weather coming my way!!
Might need to take shelter 
losing motivation to do ANY exercise now that it's been nearly 4 weeks since the Knee Bang Incident.
I miss my besties...
 Really, enough?
How about another couple days for good measure ...
Nasty night
Just heard from Layla!
She is having so much fun, and is making lots of new friends.
I miss her so much..
,its raining here too,but we had some sun earlier,now its goin to rain for the rest of the week,even on the weekend 
 i wanna see you this summer but the day you're at madison square garden my brother is leaving for college 
 the ring tone work  oh well i actually payed for a song on my phone waiting for sprint to have it as ring tone:l
err..not really a good morning for me fellow twitter  just experienced 2hr traffic going home from work :-/
still misses you.
It's not my day 
about to board my second flight today  so tired
I had to delete my &quot;Better&quot; (frets on fire) video because Guns N' Roses sucks and disabled it even after I appealed 
GAH!
My game is glitching out and I can't get out of this level 
i loveeee my friends...
i'm going to misss them alot 
 mine too 
 i wish this thing would work correctly 
Bummed!!
Wish all I had to worry about was how much profit I'm going to make this month!!
grandma is leaving tomorrow, I'm gonna miss her so much 
 Yum!
Sounds good!!!
Grocery store sushi for me tonight.
is sick and hating work and wants her warm bed 
Had 3 shots today.
My right arm is soo sore 
Breezin' through Government.
I miss hanging out with friends  Lets hang this weekend?
Sleepover Friday, but Sat/Sun?
Lets make plans!
No chipotle  im so bummed.
Perhaps a call to pasta hut is in order
How come i never see  's tweets?
 ah yeah, good idea!
i wish there were free shipping codes for mac 
Ah.
The perfect summer day was ruined by the rain.
Too good to be true.
but its still hot as hell.
I feel sticky and gross.
Long day.
Ha
No dice.
The coaches made a big mistake not picking Jacob.
Late night customer network changes    Can't have downtime during the day!
 that's not a bad value at all!
I'm unfortunately totally stuck on having at least the 32GB  arggghh
The new iPhone 3.0 software on the first generation phone: no cut but copy and paste work, my apps disappeared, no mms feature for us 
Casey's going to Europe Sunday 
Well tomorrow is the big day..my bday!
not sure what i am doing except working 
Tears are falling from my eyes 
My stomaches upset.
 I'm thinking that I won't get my jacuzzi time until 11pm at this point.
Me very tired, Me never sleep at all since last night 
Getting a stupid Twitter account because my teacher told me to 
Cool how I have to be stuck at home.
I want to get out of here and be with my friends 
that's sad 
de regreso a Twitterrific, TweetDeck se cuelga demasiado...
please dont be mad at me 
sucks to be me today 
  no imax where i'm from dude...yea i know!
that sucks
bout to be at the movies, BlackBerry battery bout to die on me smh 
To stay or not to stay...
At bell.
Gaaaah!
This is driving me nuts.
Damn I was tired LOL....@ the crib n Mia  Happy 2b headed home to NY in a couple of days.....
EXCITED Im winning leavin it 2 God
putting aloe vera on my sunburn!
I practically bathed in sunscreen everywhere but my legs.
That's what burned!
 ugh, saw headline...
didn't want to read any more 
guess I'm a sucker for spam 
My dad is sick and in the hospital again.
A man in liver failure having to be admitted is not great news.
Now we wait.
nobody in this house can stay healthy.
Now Simon and Mary have caught the cold that Kate and I had.
Listening to the girl cough.
is cleaning up his iTunes library in anticipation of being able to store 75% of his music on the 3GS :-D but has only made it to &quot;C&quot; 
 it's the summer time blues 
i think i had one too many cupcakes today 
ai gente, e fake  mas eu nem sabia, my bad
really wishes I could refrain from doing dumb things that result in injury  stupid bruised thumb
Crap, my pre-screening of Transformers 2 is in a complex with an IMAX theater - but it's not showing on that screen.
 Sorry to hear that it's still acting up!
Maybe time for a new one?
I jus deleted a album frm myspace by accident!
I don't think I have all those pix anymore!
 in wayne, it's cold, and no laura lee or miller light   better to be cold in dewey!
says can't access (plurklayout) 
Dragged Mr.
Frog out for dinner/drinks at a bar.
Should've just stayed home.
I need to get better at gauging his mood.
 
 the other day my iTunes kept getting stuck at a particular app during backup and I had to restart 
 Oh.
That stinks.
I'm sorry.
Next time then.
wants to play Sims 3 already 
mourning the death of my cable service, how tdo I have a fulltime job and no cash left to watch expensive NYC tv?
I miss NY1 
off to bed not feeling so good 
:Lmao!!!
U a mess...im still waitin on u to hit me back like u said  lol
I dont feel good at all 
  thanks 4 cummin 2 see if I was alive bitchez 
had to drug poor trouty...one of the muscles in his head spasms and his jaw starts snapping shut...traqualizers are his only hope 
headin down to arkansas tomorrow for father-day weekend; however, no iphone this trip down as previous thought 
 yeeeah, till saturday.
boo 
 your nudges must be turned off cuz i cant nuuuudge you  i miss nudging you back like you nudge me.
roomate is off to providence...
I wonder if a new england surprise is headed her way!?
reclining in bed trying to get comfortable.
no luck  with a roll here and a cramp there...this is useless
Apple just fixed my phone by handing me a new one.
Nice!
But what happened to phone 1?
I had kind of grown attached...
 i was just listening that song hahaha creepy!
weird but i like to feel sad and blue, think i'm emo  brb, gonna cut my wrist
 thats so awesome!
molly said she wants me to go but i dont think i can because exams  when do you think it would be over at?
finally summer'09 bitchess, todayy was thee sadestt day.
my bestfriiend iis moviing away 
i cant decide how good i want to make my new macbook pro..
$ vs.
peformance, and one's gotta lose eventualy 
ugh.
i feel sick  bout to lay in bed and read
 i wish i was full  still lookin for some food to tickle my tummy
  dude...wtf?
I called you 
oh, and sorry to all the ontd_political members who are following me, i'm not being very politically active atm haha.
 NO 
I hurted my toe 
my 8 hr shift turned to 3.5  bleh....what to do now
Crap....I thought she forgot.
is at home bc of the weather  so ugly outside!!!
be back on tomorrow hopefully i gotta study for my test!!!!!
Ugh!
I'm Sick!
Yuck.....!
nobody in this house can stay healthy.
Now Simon and Mary have caught the cold that Kate and I had.
Listening to the girl cough.
The electricity went out at Toris and we here some weird noise.
Im scared....
waiting for my lil cuz to get out of the hospital.
he just had surgery on his broken wrist 
Cari is out in that storm.
Didn't get the house 
 I'd do it with ya babe...
I'm all alone doing the fitness thing on this side of the world!!!
Attempting to migrate Google Calendars to Zimbra.
It's not as straightforward as you would think.
Seemingly-basic features are missing.
nothing to see on TV..
I'm boreeeeeeeeeeeeeeedd 
 Please don't tell me your concert in DC on Sept 24 has been cancelled!
Not on the tour page anymore 
OMFG, I'VE BEEN STUDYING SINCE 12, and i'm still fucked for math!!!
Christ who invented numbers and the various ways to do shit with them 
is bored tired and bitchy!!
life doesnt get much better than this...
 tried to DM you but you are not following me..
 CAN YOU SEE WHAT IM SAYING 
Stuck at work....gonna do inventory  hope itll be fun all the way thru 3am.
Gosh there's nothing on TV Tonight 
 OMG NOOOOOOOOOOO ur leaving hella early?
i feel like such a jerk.
but i had no clue.
*huge sigh* 
sytycd pls let this be good 
 it's gross because 16GB is a lot of space, lmao.
the episodes are so big, but that's the price of HD!
On my way to 's parents house for the night.
I wish i could see her tonight.
I have to do stupid dishes..I hate dishes  GOSH!
I love JB always and 4ever!
chingdoooooooooooooooo mi ipod  ....
oh sweet geezus!!
i missed my dental appt today!!
that's what sucks about not knowing what day it is...
lol
 it was rough, won't lie.
this is crap.
I have a day and a half left of this QCS shit.
coughfellsomethingcomingoncough.
Haha
Overall I am frustrated.
Headache, very sore ankle 
Shopping again!
Oh man, my credit card does not like me very much right now 
Wishes crystal would stop rubbing it in that she's at cedar pioint and I'm not 
It's hot and I have a headache 
 I'm just pissing and moaning really.
want my band back 
 I see no different and i have a ipod touch and I had pay for it 
at my grandparents house  haha
and i had to see my poor sis through the crack at the door/ it broke my heart to see her so fragile and helpless  and i waited for 2 hours
 I wish we could - USPS Express is the only shipping method that's trackable and insured.
Sucks, I know.
More storms less sleep 
 omg yes she was telling me you loved him too!
he's so fine but your sister thinks he's gay 
 OK, I'll check it out!
And ...
Do you really hate Richmond.
today was super funn :] and i had no idea the mall could be so funn without buying anything...
and patrick dropped me on my head.
my little girl is turning 3 this weekend, and her gift is sold out   Hopefully we will not need to cross border shop again this year
my research lecturer has small voice n asks too much of questions.
am hungry too 
 I called my Dad Daddy up intil his last day!
Truly a Daddys girl here  bluebox fitfam
 Hope your studying is going well!
I miss you 
just finished some more designs....
a long day at the computer  but good work good work.....
 I don't think you can be in the 10k team if your doing the 5k  I'll mark as attending anyway in case there's beer ;)
2 nights then 2 months 
 wanna hear the strangest thing??
i just realized that you &quot;@&quot; twittered me and i never got them until now!
why?!?!
 thanks for visiting the old blog!
I miss it terribly, but twitter sucks out my daily writing mojo...
Aww the pabst at whiskey thieves is in a can tonight.
fb
 ce ta de brinks?
My battery is dying and the power's out  good night I guess.
 you heard I guess.
Glad I got to say bye to him on Monday.
it's raining 
I can honestly say you will.
It's so awful.
how much have you wathced?
examms tomorrow 
Will there even be a summer this year?
 I'll understand if you decide against 
i have sideburns and a mustace as ive been told by michael 
watching sisterhood of the traveling pants 2 with the family.
stupid iTunes wouldn't download the new software today  SYTYCD in 9 minutes!
Recovered from surgery but can't sleep!
boo!
phone is updating again  this is long backuping 
Argh...
40 min until my video gets converted on Vimeo 
Hospital...
aff...
ninguem merece...
 i think BIGREDDOG74 forgot we exist.
maybe he will remember us friday night.
 lol I tried to swing Irvine..
it's just too impossible.
I cannot miss work, and with the ferry/island, there's no way.
So how's everyone liking iPhone OS 3.0, eh, eh?
I can't download until I get home at 10:30 
 I tried earlier but nothin happened  imma try again later
so I haven't tweeted (or is it twittered?) in a few weeks.
have been swamped at work and working at home evy night.
Needs to find people to follow me!
Follow me and I will follow you!
 that sucks  did u system restore?
I did that once and it worked
 Thanks, I try not to shop there, though.
trying to figure out how to automate the check for duplicate records in salesforce to keep the DB clean..
doesn't seem to work 
doctors tomorrow; i get the results  im scared
 sadly most of my friends are married so I don't go out as much and have a chance to meet someone in the &quot;real&quot; world 
still pissed, but now im sad!
I actually cannot handle it anymore, Ive gotta sleep 43 hours awake is along time 
cough cough cough....that's all I hear and doing   Listening to some Blake Lewis and Linkin Park.
 yeah i was expecting something better from apple 
Love 2 go 2 the Big Country Bash in IA on the 28th to see Gloriana, but don't have the money and nobody to go with me  
&amp;deeen went to tha dentist n found out ima get my wisdom teeth pulld out some day  grr
  keep getting disconnected from game in the middle, and I would  have streak of 15 going 
Another long nap, I nearly slept all day.
I have to stop all this and sleep at the right time.
Sorry  
My bb is totally f-ed up 
Holy crap!
I just read that the cast and writers of Doctor Who will be at Comic Con in San Diego.
Doooctaah!!
Oh, I wish I had a ticket.
my stomach hurts really bad...
 I wish you would tweet me!
the movie was cancelled  still had some fun!
 studying for a test!
So You Think You Can Dance / sytycd couple 7- missed it cuz job abended  Love SSparks (ABDC judge) as choregrapher but couple 8- blech.
 Haha!
Well I will try calling their SayNow too but otherwise I got nothin'.
  thinking he blocked me!
I dont see them!
considering going to work to justify going to dinner tonight....
so ill 
hubby might be having shoulder surgery soon....
 It would be a better evening if I hadn't missed the beginning of Requium while I was out getting my pizza.
Is it just me or is it hot up in here.
O it's hot AC is out 
 yup....
but the issue is that i still like him soooo much....
even through his crap 
 Good Luck!!
Wish I could watch you 
 Randall laid down around 5:30 or so and he's still asleep...
bless his heart.
 It was crazy for about 15 minutes here on highway 12 and the shady grove area.
No tornado though  I want to see one!
-what happens when you purchase a cheap ring as your temporary while yours is getting fixed?
It turns into cra, thats what!
 I know.
Having lunch.
Need a sleep 
 hey what happen with Australia tour?
was sooooo looking forward to it  boo hoo
Im tired of being ignored 
The comm's slow right now.
Makes me feel sad 
not tired anymore.
still mad that i lost my iPod 
thinking of him..
even tho i shouldn't be 
 oh no  that means something bad is gonna happen to mine soon.
our bad luckk
 WHAT GYM.
I CAN'T JUST SIGN UP FOR A 3 MONTH MEMBERSHIP.
And I'm much to lazy/self-conscious to run outside 
Is still breathing pepsi 
 *sends you an ice pack?* 
try to make an itunes account cause my phone deleted all my songs and ringtones pissed 
why am i not seeing any updates, or getting any return emails?
omg WTF new kids on the block cancel Australian tour 
:awww  now not sure what ur responding to..
Now I need  n  booo hooo hoo 
 you ordered your wedding invitations??
from where?
i'm just curious - promise.
I look so mad in my user pic.
I wish I could change it!
its been 9 months and 12 days.
OMG!!
i may cry for like an hour...
&lt;/3
 aaaww...ii tHot tHey was FaeVer!
i want my boy back 
part of me really believed that weebay would be here when i got home 
i miss lorna    and i have finals 
IS HOT!!!
NO fan on the AC!
NO AC!!!
 i don't get leave  So it would have to be a weekend.
hay wat up u havnt email me 
Back from dinner with my sister-in-law to celebrate her anniversary by herself...my bro is off in the pacific somewhere 
  Sympathies.
 TAPS is a group on ghost hunters, scared myself watching it.
internet is working but going soo slow  MONDAY!!
 ur twitpic didn't show up 
 yeah, some lines remind me of my past relationship  and as Joe McIntyre says 'Love's a bitch' well, that bitch is married now
 remember that telling someone your dreams mean they won't come true...
 Thanks we are excited!
And I hope you feel better 
 find another person just as perfect who is my age?
lol 
back kids asleep.
Just played some Mario Party.
Feeling ugh wish I could kill me some zombies or something 
 I know and it's still broken 
just got home from a 2job wayyyy tooo long day..
FML and the mail i was expecting is still not here 
 but the rough is home being her boring self..
 '03 was an AWESOME team.
I really thought we were gonna go all the way that year 
so AT&amp;T changed their upgrade policy...but I still think I'm left in the dark 
It turns out that she will leave for India in July 
Knowing my luck, the busysync people are monitoring twitter, see my post, write me.
 some of the tweets aren't coming through....I didn't receive half of what was tweeted today.
Just tried to follow  and I'm blocked?
What?!
This is the first time I've ever tried to add her or talk to her.
Hmmm...
 I love the site, the writing is super snappy - so I'm assuming it is them  -- overpacking for Naples 
It's official, my dad has lost his left ring finger.
but he's good tho.
Lies make baby Jesus cry 
hey bb's just wanted to say hi!
omg i tried to look at obs an got overwhelmed!
i've missed so much  i dont hav time 2 catch up!
i just saw a plane crash from final destination.
i need a teddy bear!!!
back from my b-day celebration!
LOVED IT!!!!$60 for iTunes and an amazing meal from Morton's Steakhouse.
Poor Fred the lobster 
living in an empty haunted house 
Looks like the issue is with the way Mobile Safari now handles captive portals.
Will test tomorrow.
WiFinder no longer works either 
 I miss you too kid  .
 WHAT.
why?
how?
you have my number if you need it, okay?
that's seriously shitty
 whoops seriously thought it was mine  my b.
I will buy you a slice sometime.
 oh no 
Works great, figured out cut/paste and shake to undo text...I have a 1g.
media exam 2day  ceeebs
 No, there isn't any that I know of that have been confirmed.
just paid my fine!
 Haha!
yes, I only want the copy and paste feature.
haha!
Sucks that you touch people have to pay.
  HEY&gt; You're not following me?
  should I not tell you?
Hey!!
I have such bad luck 
Packing up and saying sayonara to Japan.
Leaving soon for a ramen lunch, picking up a curry pan for the road then its off to Narita 
Learn the Secrets of Building Your Own Solar Energy Check ^^Moving out and leaving Wallace 
 No, not yet.
My calender says it's only Wednesday 
 hey, what about mee??
still misses him  and worries like it's her job or something..
&gt;_&lt; Work's fine; an interesting coworker, ha!
o_O ..Lots of typing, fun!fb
 I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU WIID WITHOUT ME!
That's what I get for leaving the country  I love you.
You're gorgeous.
I miss your face.
Grades r posted...don't wanna know what i got 
ouch my nosie hurts.
I believe my best friend just called me stupid!!
It cuts real deep!
 Sadly not mee, Im going to Vegas in August  Have a great time there!
  I just took some tylenol, hope your head feels better!
   I just lost a member of my family 
my grandpa in NY just died....
Thunderstorms from 8-9 and the power grid laughs in it's face.
Peace and quit from 9-10 and power goes out the last 10min of SYTYCD!!!
 IDK!!!!
I may cry in like .15 seconds!!
Not happy with off-centered Google Maps in jQuery UI Tabs.
'Display: none' is a bastard for dimensional computation on initialization.
loves the iPhone 3.0 update.
Missing MMS though 
AAAA IM ONLY GONNA BE ABLE TO GET 4GB of RAM ON MY NEW LAPTOP INSTEAD OF 8  STUPID PARENTS
 you're my favorite because you cried when you saw notorious.
haha.
i wish he was still alive too.
...there once was a girlbird named getrude mcfuzz...
i miss drama, i miss being onstage, and i miss seussical!
12 weeks til my brothers wedding!
No motivation to work out  eating healthy can only do so much
 not without a vegas show it wont 
 I'm so sorry to hear that 
  i tried it , its fake .
not working 
The boy is gone..
of to baseball camp.
Much sadness...
 I'm sad too.
 that is soo true..if only i could sing..
it would be all about me 
No Manny (Pacquiao nor Rodriguez) anywhere near this game...
Hope they will resched and we'll see both of the great Mannys later on!
 ok i was actually referring to you mentioning that the gym is also free so you DID NOT HAVE TO MENTION THAT INCIDENT.
There is a giant ass..let's just call it an insect with like inch long skinny legs and it flies.
I'm freaking out.
I hate bugs 
Close game but not enough 
 Cause this song breaks my heart.
So depressing.
But themost important.
I went with mom at University and..
well i`m not wanna grown up  but i have to do.
  i want a blackberry.....
ohh and tweetdeck is better...jk
Thursday morning and working again...boring yes indeed,,,  Oh but i dont need to be bored since there's alot of jobless people...
 PS_ I tried replying to you with a Direct Message, but it won't allow me to, since you're not following me.
soooo stressed about the bio regents tomorrow.
i need a hug 
farewell breakfast tomorrow.
Im gonna miss everyone so much.
I love you guys.
I hate hiding my tears.
Especially when I'm at Disneyland..
Is regretting not going to osha with the pretty girl who invited me 
Yes,  25 minutes ago we assembled to record, yet we're STILL not recording...
Frawlz.
still feeling shitty  study sesh then a nap &lt;3
 no but our little corner of the world mite not be as colorful 
 Nooo, waking up from a great dream and finding out it was just a dream.
That's much worse 
i hate that my room is no longer mine 
I shouldn't have eaten all this candy  fb
...workout was tough tonight!
I can tell I took a few days off.
Sytycd My new QuiltyPleasure!!!
Love this show!!!
I wanted to be a dancer when I was little but I sucked.
I can't tell if my left big is broken or has always been like that.
Not much swelling, but can't bend/flex it without pain  Too much blood
Way to go Braves!
Last 4 seasons:  June comes and they fall apart.
    Everybody at my table said &quot;awwwww&quot;.
 I want free warped tickets  HOOK ME UP
 duiiiiiiii!
wo ye shi!
wo yao sleep early -.- sleep more,.
i need my beauty sleep 
installed 3.0 with no problems ...
now I better get my 3G S soon 
It's a tomato soup evening, looks more like november out than june 
@ lovepink86 I hear ya, im still at work het off at 11...
womp womp.
lolz.
 hahahahha dont you worry babyy you'll learn soon enough!!!
its gonna be days &amp; ul be hookdd...ps love ya pic!
miss you babe!
ihatewhen he gets too drunk and I can't get any at the end of the night 
Why does my power go out once a week?
I'm sitting in the dark again.
 Megs: I second that 
8:45pm in Nebraska and it's still bright blue skies.
Marquee on last gas station: Best Looking Cashiers In Lincoln County!
Didn't verify 
Not a drop of rain in West Seattle!
Dry streak still on as far as I'm concerned.
 lol i kno!!
but im chillen.
i have a headache  but its starting to go away so thats good.
whats up with u??
 twitterfon doesn't work anymore  I think it's a sign.
I refuse to redownload it
 oh babygurl, I don't know.
I'm still debating.
uggghh.
I think I'm getting sick.
i think i liked my jailbroken iphone better before i downloaded OS 3.
quickpwn, pls release 3.0 jailbreak soon!
 
hoping these vitamins help, otherwise I gotta go to the doc to see what is really wrong with me 
I should go to bed, i'm up in less than 5 hours!
 sandra, just sold them..
thanks though!!
too bad you wont be there!!
 I'll see how.
If i really go on holiday, then you all meet on thurs/wed with the gang without me lor 
 i wish I could go to the premiere in Toronto..
my mom said for a show, she would drive me 6 hours, but not a premiere 
goal for today: get 3/4 of my paper done before i go to sleep.
hopefully i can sleep tonight 
 i've missed you and your tweets.
You mainly...
watching tv via livestream; my tvcard has a problem reinstalling.
 can't seem to get one sent...
when I get off work I'll try again...
I'm beginning not to like -*whisper* the palm pre..
shh!
Tee, hurry and come home!
I miss you already 
i love  :] &amp; i'm going to miss youu soo much too, alll of you 
jus wakin up from a much needed nap, still feelin quite heartbroken .....
No food at home  what am I gonna eat?!?
 I know.
She is such a sweet little cat.
I might take her bc I love her too much to give her to a stranger 
 awww  the clouds are coming over now, it was sunny !!
 your invite 
 never answered my questions, that makes me sad 
Had dinner with my favorite &quot;old&quot; lady friend tonight!
Man she can make a good cobbler.
Too bad cooking is becoming a lost art.
 That's ass.
If you want to talk about it you can text me.
My phone is messed up.
it says messages I just got came 5 hours ago.
Hmm...
I'm so bored!!!
I miss you Nicholas!!
):
Bummed that I didnt get to get tattoo today  
 i know it was...i love him...but i want his old hair back.
Kay...see ya tomorrowwww :/
I am eligible to upgrade to the new iPhone @ the cheap price!!!
Sure wish I had $200  The camera sold me on it- 
 u're right about nickkkjonasss.
And i think officialjobros is also fake 
 I like watching soccer, man they are brutes on the field, like football without padding.....OUCH!
I'm 2 old 2 play anymore 
 So wish I could attend that!
I'm in NH so it's a bit far 
 awwwwww  We'll have to do Rai/Min/Gen and Rai/Ibi/Tom some other time &gt;&gt;
Just home from fam outing-I jumped out of the car excited to see Ceasar inside, then i remembered he wasnt w/ me this time 
I mishu so much already  I cnt help it!
 Honey, I'm so sorry.
Did you get your mail from us?
 I miss you 
doesnt want to go to work in the morning!!
I wanna see to Miley on tourrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!
I wanna live in USA!!!!!!!!
 I'd love to see you on tour again...
But there's no date for Puerto Rico  Would you come back?
work totally sucks  off to bed
 My day was good, It could have been better if the Yankees would have won  What R U up2 2night, whats 4 din din?
?
?
this song has a sad story to it!
 miss me?I wont have a computer for a long time  wtf am i going 2do?
Glad you got off of work early.Im sure that was a treat
the  sample sale didn't have any of the purses I was looking for 
Watching a spider wing its web around a firefly in its web.
The firefly is blinking its last blinks.
Sad.
iPhone 3.0...
bluetooth, but no tether 
Lost the guy again to the prettier girl with a worse personality 
Bummed That I didnt get to get my tattoo today  
Is ready to go home.
 oh that sucks!
I'm sorry!
Just went to every pet store in a ten mile radius and my snake is still hungry  helpppp
soooooooooo...
i cant find my glasses 
he was supposed to call me thirty minutes ago.
he promised.
was expecting he'll receive his first salary today.
 lol wanna pay for my ticket.
I WISH.
plus who would i go with?!
my friends need jobs or need to be 21.
My AK off lost to suited AQ - she caught a flush on the turn.
I'm heading home.
 I'm not gay enough to know what CHESS is.
 Yeah.
I've gotten a few from JRK but not for a while now.
I guess he doesn't love me anymore!
Just leavin wendy's.
I shulda gave him my number.
I will have to go bacc tomorrow
ughhh yanks lost!
 Looking forward to update on tonight's taping ...
since I couldn't see it 
Not looking forward to the fact that i have to work tomorrow  but its THURSDAY!!!
 Summer school?
OUCH  (Text me?)
laying down, listening to dave matthews band; missing him 
im soooo sad!!
i hate this feeling!!
Going to dinner now.
Pizza I think-a-dink.
Ubububu.
I feel ----&gt;  
 good question, but whoever's tweeting as Cera isn't actually him: - sorry 
*texts * Okay...I guess...
boy do I miss you  
 my tonsils r inflamed due to acid reflux which i didn't treat cause i was misdiagnosed before  so it only got worse
 never answered my questions, that makes me sad 
wow, i can't believe how much i'm still actually in love with you  this is not so good...
 I'm only working the norcal date with my cousin.
waitin for lesson to start..
A pretty borin day tdy..
 so I just squarespace checked again...
and apparently even with all of my chweeting my stats haven't changed 
Somebody send me a picture text message cuz I don't think it's coming thru 
home from class with nothing to do!
 They are gonna have to special order that shit is cause it's out of print.
I miss working in a book store 
 I will not be at the Afropunk fest sadly  U?
I think I pulled a muscle in my stomach.
I really don't know how.
Hurts like hell though 
 I thought da hair was for me da whole time 
Twitterfox, why do you never come up in the 1st window I open &amp; why must you crash my browser after I find you when changing btwn accts?
 jealous!
i never got my bbq from you 
Exam at 2pm 
 I are sad now 
i'm actually starting to miss school, i feel like i need to reconnect with all my friends that i never see anymore 
cleaning a house that is not yours is NO FUN!
Seriously.
My grandmother has breast cancer.
arghh cannot sleep this is doing my HEAD IN I want to go home 
Watching SYTYCD, wishing I was with my hubby 
Really tryin to work out but Im just to damn sick 
OUCH!!
My liddo cut still hurts  cant walk striat.
 i WAS but it stsarted raining and we got a late start  which means we all still have a chance to go...ill let u kno!
hiiiiiii.....its so hot out here....i cant move out.....wht the hell......
Ugh...
I hope the United game goes better than my Yankees!
How embarrassing 
Reading, then skype date with Andrew!
&lt;3 It's gonna be an early night--I gotta get used to this new early-bird schedule.
 I know  So idk, i'll let you know as soon as i know something.....lol!!
finals tomorrow 
i couldn't sleep at all tonight..
argghh 
 - I no workie.
I'm getting an imagenot found error.
Is this posted directly out of the Pre Twitter app?
..
no!!
not rain!
please dont rain on my parade.
 lol gotta hate those deadlines 
 Butler is getting hit badly too 
&quot;truth be told, i miss you.
truth be told, im lying.&quot; too bad so sad  sorry love, but im over it.
no pitty here.
Just saw confessions of a schopaholic.
It was a great commercial movie that kept me entertained.
If only journalism was portrayed better 
Is officially afraid of crocodiles.
ugh!
can only talk a bit..
not gonna talk too much, so i am gonna speak as much as possible in one tweet.
just broadcasting REAL news.
right now i'm watching Twister to get my mind off of feeling bad.
Reminds me of back home  Oh, Manhattan, KS how much i miss you
At work right now.
Sad that i have to work till 5pm today instead of 230.
I'm goin 2 b so tired when i finish  Why is other girl sick?
Sorry for the lack of tweets today.
Construction on the street knocked our power out for most of the day  We'll be back up tomorrow!
New luggage...
new clothes...
new haircut...
I'm on a roll!
But now I'm tried also 
 
working....and not liking this sunburn 
 can you tell  to unblock me?
I'm sad!
I have him on my twitter background!
thinkin sleep sleep please come.
Got busy day ahead of me 
  I know!
 unobvious but sweet!
thanks 4 that but u still charge $30 per meg 4 data in Hong Kong...
and that sucks big time 
(teary) My GOD we have it so easy!
bored and tired did alot of house work today 
 very sorry to hear that.
heavy traffic  im not even sure if i can make it to the next orientation.
great start of the day.
even tho 4 some reason its not showing up that im following  &amp; ...hope my entry still counts i wanna go 2 hawaii 
iPhone version 3.0 is the best thing since sliced bread!!!
Stupid AT&amp;T won't let us send pics til later this summer tho...
back down to 99 
couldn't sleep at all last night..
is so damn bored at work - and its only Thursday 
finally catching king of the hill dang EST biased tv world lol &amp; trying to do grad school research 
My Internet service is down.
Today, I had to magically create a custom database importer  VDM
when fun turns into nigthmares...
 oh man.
took me 2.5 hrs to get home and didn't even make it to my dr apt  traffic blows.
  cause you're missing too much school?
i forget you don't live right in Brisbane, frustrating.
Sat 29/09 would  be great!
 it does a bit - i'd happily walk in the rain after work, but if i have to come back and look presentable that doesn't work 
 oh yea that makes me mad cuz now Bruno thinks his dad is a good man.
ahh 
I apparently need to wear bug spray inside the house...
 JEALOUS!!!
that's the most interesting one i reckon.
if only it weren't so expensive 
i have 4 projects due eathier monday or tuesday.............agh, so much work 
one of my best girlfriend's is going into the army in two weeks now, it was just moved up like a month.
oh sad day.
 only your pic is green for me 
Wat a bummer..............in route to the bx 
Thesims3 
Playing nba live 09 on ps2 tho 
 yeah 
the sun will not get off of me and im dieing!
nights like this is what im gonna miss...dont forget about me 
 your lovely little smiley face haha.
harry never tweets, so i cant be creepy at him 
 u right about the stankface...
I second that fo sho 
All These People Sitting On their Asses, They Cme Up With A Date But What About The Features??
Very Upset Customer 
ok...going to try to work out...yaaay...
Yanks lost to the Nationals?
How embarrassing and frustrating!!!
 so sorry to hear that  my heart goes out to you and your family.
know how hard it is to lose a matriarch.
wants to go to the taylor swift concert 
Workinf on a Flash Lite app for OVI Store.
deadline: last monday 
I am finding that large spider bites on the inside of the thigh are very painful.
It also doesn't help that I am allergic to spiders 
I'm hoping when I wake up tomorrow, my head won't hurt so much!
Looks like Im Watching &quot;Meet the Browns&quot; and and eating soup tonight...
 I'm gooood I miss uuuuuuuuuuu 
 the people of iran.
mousavi would've won with over 70% of the votes if it had been a fair election, but they cheated.
Noooooo!
Parkes has discovered the eject button on the computer tower  time to find that toddler keys install again.....,,
Ok..back to studying...
is ready to get this grant submitted!!!
Feeling a little overwhelmed now 
I can't figure out how to sync my subscribed icalendars  still fb
Stuck in the hotel watching regular TV programming.
watching Wipeout, which is like Gladiators/Ninja Warrior performed in a waterpark.
I can't find my Academy video!!!!
 that's true 
Misses his dance classes!!!!
Is wishing that she could be Terrence J's date to the BET awards 
 yea it's kinda like your disconnected from the outside world!
*fingers crossed!*
 awwww i guess u got to get lucky like beckie to let a huge celeb like you to reply bck 
 Ugh, me too  Supposed to be even hotter tomorrow!
Another resoon to be glad I'm headed to England soon!
Seths chain broke again!!!
Waiting on him to go get the car.
We were halfway to olive garden 
thinking of my boys...i want them too call.
&lt;3 
Babysitting tonight, target in the morning.
Blah 
 Dammit!
I'll be in Canada next week.
Misses her bestfriend marc super bad.
seeing him for a few hours monday night didnt cut it.
he needs to come back 
 I read some older twits earlier about the boots on cars and bust out laughing!
Macy's sales always disappoint me 
so distracted by twitter + youtube when i reaaaaaaally should be studying for my double exam tomr ahh 
 yeah  that would be perf!
I'm still considering buying tickets to AAR, TAI and Craig &amp; just hoping for the best haha
 hey gurl!
please don't hate on me   I like to keep haters away..I have too many!
Thatnks for the mention again..Love ya!
muah!
I'm still up and it's 4 in the morning.
It's more light out no than before...
:O This is bad for me...
doesnt know how to go to sleep without calling jordan to say goodnight 
 - What I saw for 6 hours  Not fun!!
 Im told you just left chat before i joined.
I am now sad.
I miss my fake husband 
Noooooo!
They are out of budlight limeee!!
Ahhh!!
hate when I can't sleep 
I love that they put a pool right outside my summer school.
I just adore looking at people having a real summer.
  for sure.
My soul aches today.
Totally blows.
i hate that i call my mom and then immediately regret it 
watching the last _the unusuals_ 
not sure why my tweets are posting in pairs.
Guess I'm hitting too quickly.
fitfam bluebox
mmmm how I miss musical theatre.....
 i rejected you alongggg time ago.
so i guess it is karma 
 fefe I missss you  !
lol
I just got done playing my Death Knight on Eredar (PvP).
My second night in Hellfire Peninsula and I still have not engaged in any PvP 
Duuuude.
I can't eat anymore  I just stuffed my face hardcore.
Now I'm bored &amp;want sprite.
 hello!!!!!
i wish i could come see you girls tomorrow 
i hear firecrackers from hampstead...
i wanna go see them 
 i miss u alreadyy 
cant sleep  ive lost sumfing special xx
I have totally been slacking on my work notes  I hope I don't get into trouble!!!
 I didn't do anything!
Maybe he got annoyed with my pestering for a birthday wish last week   I'm sorry!!!!
 I want ice cream  -PUPP?_L0V3-
hummm is   having issues following new people  ??
Sad now.
Need comfort music.
cutting my hair....
 Yeah, I think you gotta downgrade  I just posted a link on that same page for how to get it.
 It sucks that it's 21 and over or else i would have been there.
 Holy crap.
I just had 3 bars out here, now nothing!
Wish this would send.
is a bit upset that they're not doing the night tours of Alcatraz when we're going to be in SF 
Everyone is having adventures but me D: no fair!
 drinks before you go?
i'll probably be in T.O.
by the time you return 
 I wish I could come tomorrow night but no I have to study my butt off for science instead...
Stupid exams, I wanna meet you!
 please pray...my ultrassound only showed a gest.
sac and yolk sac but no baby yet  i'm scared and go back in 2 weeks
ugh.
studying is shit.
in my original column I had a phone interview, the Dayton sponsor's and how the Cincinnati pride went, guess that was not important.
okaaay..
now i gotta go study!!
urrg my final tests start TOMORROW :@@ heelp me!
Ugh..167 Queen Anne Rd 
  i wish i could
I wish I was running  It's so great outside!!!
Thinking about getting another tattoo , I want it on my rib cage , but I heard that hurts more than the foot 
 Hope it's nothing serious.
And I doubt you'd find me.
I'm very small &amp; standing behind this guy 
woo!
just finished new moon off to eclipse haha schools almost over guys  i'll miss a lot of people but looking forward to doing a lot!
  No fun.
We have been getting increasing humidity, also.
Hopefully the headache lets up.
tiring day 
Bryce's little brothers are really mean to me 
Didn't get to really take a nap  so i'll have to take a nap when I get home in the morning b4 going to PS...LAME
Ugh, fuck you, mosquitoes!
I was just starting to lose my Canadian mosquito bites when American ones found me.
bored on twitter.
i have no one to talk to on here.
feels good to be home, I exceeded my step target by 4pm  
On my way home my baby broke her hand I'm very drepress 
 LOL!
just take a picture and put it on fb so i can see.
i'll get the real thing when i come back.
YOURE GOING CAMPING W/O ME?
Does this mean I'm not getting my money back  I HATE YOU JIMOJO !!!
 gina machina...where are you?
still misses him  and worries like it's her job or something..
&gt;_&lt; Work's fine; an interesting coworker, ha!
o_O Lots of typing, what fun!
I might be moving 
 didn't get to meet bachmann, but her young texan intern filled my quest for crazy...
So the peeps were convincing me 2 go 2 Qba's tonight but it s already 10 &amp; I won't make it before 11 so i'm not 
Started to paint and now it's so hot out   Have to get cracking in the am before the heat sets in.
I love making my house look awesome!
would like that hour of my life back.
when did reality tv get so trashy, horrible, and mean?
 brother my dad jus told me he needs me bible study tonite...
So im not gonna make it 
My cat defiantly just attacked my foot.
Ouuuuch 
 my country just has 2 season: dry and wet  its so bored..
 you can't fight  He's just fixing to finally be home!!
One noticeable thing with iPhone 3.0, Zombieville USA now has a frame lag.
zombieville
A storm cut off Wipeout tonight  Does anyone know who won?
wipeout
Not going to kings island this weekend.
Poor brock 
 I wish we could be watching SYTYCD together.
Messed up big time changing the resolution of the webcams.
Had to re-install several programs to solve it.
Back to lower resolution again 
 that's fun mama!!!
I don't have a builtin cam on my comp tho.
Or on my phone 
packing...
going to KY to see hubby in the hospital 
im scared bout going to melb for the rugby this weekend.
I don't wanna get swine flu 
Dragon's Den was really disappointing tonight - thought it was season opener, but it was just a rerun.
 You mean you're not?
won't be a late night tonight, gonna play for a 12hr to an hour then off to bed!
still feelin the effects my falling asleep @ 4:30 this am 
Today I was offered a letterpress, one of the biggest Ive seen, but I cant take something like that home and that makes me sad.
 Hes chillen not ready to make his entrance yet.
I got violated by the doc today bitch stuck her finger in my cervix 
so now everyone is sad.
 so i gatta go to  diffrent hospital sometime, and get stuck with nedles.
 aww, what's wrong  ??
im learning how to use this stupid twitter thingy 
I like sabby's phone better.
EHH i like the G1  upgrade was too expensive though.
Hates ppl 
just got outta the shower, had a chocolate icing fight with Mikey !!!!!
Playing Monopoly and lost(-1688) in 30 minutes!!!
 I think I tried to text you last night 
 OK - gonna give it a try on my iPod touch - I gotta pay though!!!
Goodness gracious.
I've lost my mojo 
 n't wait to see u and david in GA!
So excited for this concert!...i missed davids tour due to school..
Why won't walmart let me exchange my dress???
Its too big and I wanted to wear it tomorrow 
I'm exhausted  my eyes are closing!
 figures my computer would pick now to crap out on me.
I can't upgrade my phone until I get another.
 super mad at u!
Ignoring my calls 
I got a lot of stuff done this afternoon!
Still need to go to Wal-mart tho.
 I can't today sweets.
Sorry 
I am so happy that I talked to my baby all day (well only after work) lol.
Apartment hunting tomorrow...
fun!
I can't wait til I move out
So I broke up with my boyfriend and he took me serious, lol 
A little disappointed w/ SYTYCD tonight.
No one really blew me away.
 I know 's not going to bother coding much for IE6, but having to pull up indiv tweets every time I reply is getting old.
Fast.
  at a little restaurant called CR Thomas's in Ohio, so good, and a magical night I won't ever forget!!!
It is closed now 
 I haven't written on my blog too, 
As if the night couldn't get worse-im having a Dolly animal emergency.
Possible trip to vet hospital tonite.
please make it stop!
Rain the next 3 days 
Flickr is blocked on Dubai Airport's wifi 
  wish I could help!
burned my foot 
I'm lamenting not having my huge salad for the second day in a row.
wanna talk to me???
please do but not rite now im doin my hair (all dressed up with nowhere to go) 
*sigh* feeling so down today 
kristen once again disappointed me today.
i dont know what to do with her.
it's illegal to beat her 
 lol...sounds like when you guys were at king's island in 2005...
those evil chicks almost KILLED SLICK!!
POOR SLICK!!
i feel awful for trishy 
the trailer was good.
but the movie was boring.
 it was 
No luck at lost and found during break.
Sigh, loved those things 
 I offered some of my slurped to blake metro station once.
He turned it down 
Looks like it's going to rain!!!
I just washed my car the other day...
going to have a rough day tomorrow...everyone please please wish me good luck i still need it...
Not looking forward to this hour plus drive home.
hopefully it'll be worth itm
 This is getting more upsetting every second.
I said it to Demi and I'll say it to you, STUPID EXAMS!
Grr 
ack .
.
.saw a road killed bobcat while I was driving home  from work.
still feeling craptastic   hopefully i'm fine by tomorrow,i have work 8-4...
 The Facebook tab is a time-sink.
I'm glad to have closed it...
Really!
Ok now for really..I'm going make a video..all alone 
Cocoa is back in the tub during this storm.
They just said the storms could go for 2 more hours.
Not going to get a lot of sleep tonight
watching tv, lying down and feels bad cus ive been using jons hoodie as my hanky..
sorry 
Mann my car won't be ready til tomorrow 
Kind of annoyed that my bf hangs out more with his friends than with me lately.
Yankees lost to the Nationals,3-2  
 I forgot the quote from today!
chamber is something divided but corruptly united?
Tired but not really sleepy not much to do these days  &lt;&lt;*Karina*&gt;&gt;
5 shots.
Three moles removed.
2 steroid shots on face.
Antibiotics two weeks.
Mole on face- outpatient surgery 2 wks from now  fb
 Jon, I'm calling u out!!
U used to find my tweets funny now I NEVER hear from you anymore..
You're a tweet tease!!
 I'm glad life is going well for you!
I can't believe I haven't seen you since AP Tour in CT.
Will you be at Warped??
at home...
on to work tomorrow..
in class till 9  bored.
helpp.!!
ok, taking a pause for the cause to do some homework since no one wanted to help 
chinese from spring rolls...
not too good 
.....That's me encouraging myself because I'm going through this all alone.
My cat is cooper.
I am sad 
  Demi you're in toronto?
Are you visiting Jasmine?Where are you going to be I want to meet you so bad  Any malls you're going 2?
Wilson tennis courts are packed!
Still waiting for a court.
i miss youuuuu.
PT school sucks.
little girl woke up with a fever...
hope she's feelin' better in the morning 
Just had a fruit plate for supper and half the fruit was way under ripe.
 i wish  
I just burned six fingers with my flat iron 
how am i suppose to sleep tonight???
ahora estan investigando una iglesia.
es super creepy o.O
Awaiting my plane to San Jose for BOL 1000 tomorrow.
Dining on McDonald's.
I'd forgotten never to eat it again.
Now I remember why 
woke up late  but manage not to be late (dance) 
I still have no idea how this works 
 happy hour ended!
Bummer in the summer.
I guess I have to ride my bike back to carson.
Im in alot of pain  i pulled a muscle in my back!
my kids are scared to death 
i'm so sad right now.....Jonathan blocked me ladies.
 I am lost.
Please help me find a good home.
I'm starting to worry that I'm bad luck.
The Phillies have lost every game I've ever seen in person.
 Good night!
Take care of yourself please!
Sorry to hear about your horse.
Vimeo took down my video.
White Sox rip the Chicago Flubs effortlessly.
:-&gt;    Milwaukee getting ready to sweep the Tribe.
 i'm still trying to get tickets to the show 
 Poor baby   I hope you feel better.
If I can do anything let me know &lt;3
my belt just tore 
First time seeing an icon I designed on AppStore, why freeverse add an ugly border &amp; what happened to the stamp 
is going to wait till its light outside and then go to sleep  because i'm too paranoid now!
 lol..u hate me tho  lol....but I jus went in hard on the job searching...I wasn't gonna b able to last too long
 Good question!
I guess it's just a different generation.
And sadly, I am actually old enough to say that!!
LOL 
 hey, do you live in the city?
front yard movies is playing to killing a mocking bird in tower grove sat.
i wish i could go.
 What happened to the Warhawk servers?
There's only 8 Official blue servers available: 4 CTF, 2 Hero, 1 Collection and 1 DM 
missing Denisse  damn it, you have a lot of things to do, starting with creating your profile in twitter!
 why dont u feel good  me neither my tummy hurts 
 I WISH I could do ap hwk 
Sittin on a train platform waitin for a train.
Quite possibly hav just failed another test 
omg nausea city!
me and heat do not go together well....
my bed room is 84 
hahaha.
waiting for this is tiring!
i need a naaaaaaap.
also, i can't block some guy following me.
it's getting annoying 
Oh I can copy and paste a tweet I'm typing 
 It's hard getting people here in Atlanta to do a shoot or allow me to shoot them for this as well  Been trying.
U look GR8!
And just like that!
tweets are no longer coming through to my cell!
This is maddening!
And frustrating!
 Going back to sleep is such a great idea, unfortunately I'm already at work notebook-less 
 the best part about that is when you do use an IE8 useragent it says to disable compatibility mode in the hints 
is hopeful that the CRCNA will adopt the Belhar but can't seem to get the live feed to work so can't tell how the discussion is going 
only two more days on the east coast...then it's back to vegas 
cleaning tomorrow?
or gym tomorrow?
...
work tomorrow 
Missin' Al already 
 are you gonna call me?
You ever walk around with your pants off for so long that you start to want to put pants on?!?!
Perhaps this risky business isn't or me.
just voiced story and handed it off to photographer to edit.
Working with Scott and  tonight.
Scott's not on twitter 
Ha!
How wrong..
my mom gets a twitter...
she goes for the cast of the view and  signs off and doesnt add me.
 My shoe threw the towel in...AT WORK.
Been walking around kissing the ground AAALLLL day.
My dad asked me if I want braces !
Argh....
it's still me vs.
the freaking lizards...
there's a baby lizard by my patio light...
I really don't want to hurt it, though.
I am at a point where I can't lose anymore!!
I need 5 more pounds then I will be a good weight!!
 ups ....
parece que si 
craving a steak...
don't have one to cook 
 I r not going to make it 
 There's nothin we can do, that shit was dead before it started 
Went swimming ...
I really dnt feel to hot..
Rest in peace Ben, we love and miss you 6/17/09 3:46 pm 
Home from shopping; Braces were tightened today, my mouths sore  &quot;You are safe in my heart, And my heart will go on and on&quot;-Celine Dion
slept early last night, so I missed &quot;Tayong Dalawa.&quot; 
 awe  well I guess I'll just have to get her a new toy or something hehe...
my life is boring...
at the minute neway!!
 I think we share the same brain!
I was hoping for better show too.
I also wish I had the -going half of the brain!
=P
I thought Tmobile allowed upgrades every 11 months, but now it's every 22months 
Yankees lost to the Nationals,3-2  
the Americans are gone...
I'm sad.
 where u been the past 4days?
I miss u 
 nuthin @ all its boring out here too 
 one of my good friends owns a Cobra Jet and was at NMRA, I was at work  carchat
 yeah, again, sorry bout that 
 I WISH I COULD JAM 
i am ill 
Man I am bored.
I hate packing.
I was planning on driving to SD tonight but too broke 
 Congrats on getting to the airport.
Sorry to hear about McDs 
I had the BEST time at dinner tonight with the girls.
Thanks for coming out to see me off.
I will miss ya ladies 
im watching the realworld/roadrules reunion!!!
yay but where's CT 
Dave and busters with the boys, ya I got no girlfriends 
 BAE has hated me the last couple of days.everytime i try to go there it wont load the pages  but I am back &amp; u2ued u back
I think I have a corneal abrasion...
it's raining so hard outside !!!!
too bad I can't go out 
 there are rumors that Twitter would be blocked from Iran, that would isolate them completely 
Getting too much &lt;3 from tweetin' my tweet screen s now eff f*** up, only showin 1line now instead of 2 
 i can't get to his page.
Apparently, the mosquitos think I am their buffet.
Time to head home.
no one remembered my b day 
 KEVIN!
how do I convince you to follow me?
loLz...
I am always answering your posts yet no relpy from you...
Oh anxiety....you are getting the best of me tonight 
I've been sitting here for two and a half hours.
I wish I could just get my meds and go home.
 I am lost.
Please help me find a good home.
 I am now very concerned about the state of our national defense.
 video is for new hardware only.
you'll need to find another way to make your dirty home movies.
I feel like I want to vomit all over my face right now...
 &amp;  - bummed couldn't come tonight, home super sick..
total bummer but had to listen to body per coach's advice 
Volleyball is doing great!
Rainy 
is workin both jobs tomorrow!
Another LONG day awaits....
 I hate to hurt peoples feelings, but that probably is the best option.
It's just easier to ignore, and hope it goes away 
This Obcecion Is Over!!!!
I Hate U   I Got To Be Strong!!!
Ughh why is everything messing up on me today?
The URL won't even work  Nvm, forget it
 can't reply to your DM cause your not following me 
 lmfaooo whyyyy?!
lol aight fuck it!
We goin innn!!!
Lol
never thought i'd be on a boat...
it's a big blue watery road..
i want to ride on a boat 
It's also frustrating when your overbearing mother calls to inform you that you have to get a job, and ruins your day.
FML jeanette mccurdy from iCarly is almost 3 months older than me 
 I can't decide if you are racist or not  
is NOT hanging out with her best friend.
  i wish i could be there I wont be able to make it this time again sis
i'm kinda sweaty...
it's hot 
Can't get my HD camera to stream live video on UStream so it's back to the &quot;ole reliable PTZ 
 yeah, you'll be talking to someone in India about it later today, according to the tweets today...sorry.
Ugh.
Looks like 70% chance of rain on Saturday.
This does not bode well for the South End Garden Tour.
 Im trying to post you a nice video and I totally forgot how to 
 Congrats on selling the Escape!
I wish I could move my panel van....
buyers keep walking because of the blood stains 
We love on a hill but you have to go into at least one valley to get here from town.
still hasn't made it home.
 I cannot direct message you back and explain my reasoning because you arent following me 
 AMAZING show tonight!
Hard to figure who might be going home.
sytycd Sad you won't be back for so long.
 Just logged in.
Hitched with my mom coming in to the office; hence I was late.
 haha yaayy!
i got some too!
now it's gonna rain for the next 5 days 
 Well, we're twins, remember?
So probably.
 i can't message for a bit i've got to deal with something 
logging off      
i want a new camera 
 Oh!
well i didnt get it!
lookin 4 sumthin to watch on tv not many choices 
 &lt;333333  I'm sorry.
 awwww I will miss u 
 *sigh* Mine updated but having issues with it not wanting to reactivate my phone 
Ok to sleep I go.
Can't wait to not feel like I've run 50 miles uphill.
TWUGS TWUGS TWUGS TWUGS TWUGS TWUGS TWUGS TWUGS TWUGS TWUGS
 lolol deg u figured it out  i was too shy admit it
ohhhh goshhh i reallyyyy don't feel well at all!
Pre-ordering my new iPhone caused my data plan to be cancelled so will have to deal with paperwork to clear it up.
  *hugs*
just said goodbye to her fiance 
My Wii stopped working today 
 bro @ my aunty's family service, her sister (my aunty) had a heart attack &amp; died ryt dere  but datz life eh Gotta keep on movin
 Whats it for.
I'm outta the loop.
As usual 
I'm going to miss The Unusuals.
Arturo's tweets are starting to confuse/scare me 
I wish it would stop raining.
I'm ready for the sun.
I want to tan.
 No I never have.
I want one, though, but Millhouse would EAT em   
Has decided not to pursue his case against Aegis.
I really had them by the nuts too...
wants to watch angels and demons.....
rest in peace 
Colette hurry up and get your laptop fixed 
guitar!
&lt;3 ((not mine  ))
2 more outs and we're going home 
 i'm praying this is the case Gerri.
Jesus wouldnt that be the ish if my BF blocked me?
I'd cry for days!
 Thanks 
 uh oh.....bad news?
sooo sleepy.
dont want to be at work but i still have 2 hours left.
tummyache 
 It this is about what I think it's about...I'm a little sad.
But wish you guys BOTH the best!!!
Just changed moms surgical dressing again, maybe she shouldve waited till the painkillers worked 
Foot doctor tomorrow  final verdict is.....
Loved the chin up machine but not digging the tiny calluses on my hands.
Fail  lol fb
Good God it's hot as balls 
 *sigh* i think this is the closest wooyoung and junho will be at stripping for now 
is in need of sum inspiration  i jus realized i only have time for School, Work, Study, Sleep, Repeat...where does inspiration fit in?
 gah and i just woke up 
Forgot to take note of all my jailbroken apps &amp; settings before I updated to OS 3.0.
I miss my custom msg sound 
at home sick 
just heard gunshots at dundas &amp; brock IloveToronto 
Becca had to leave  sooo dumb!
someone please do an intervention for me for dying my hair 
I just looked up to see everyone had left the office without me noticing 
 i'm trying too,but it's like she doesn't want us to see her updates!
woow thanks for this site well i not much friends 
 fraid not 
OH: FML jeanette mccurdy from iCarly is almost 3 months older than me 
I'll be glad when the house cools off  I wish I could get a new AC unit.
Trying to tweet from twitterberry 
Dammit  it's okay pigs, i still love you.
vitolio and asuka are my least fave couple...
i just can't get into them 
anoyyed, getting bugged about school!
and i feel sick in my stomach   
just got home from Vacation Bible School!
It has been so awesome!
Only two more days left 
How Dreadful, When I Finally Have A Chance, The Worst Of All Happens 
Why the hell am i watching hsm3???
theres nothing on tv 
Off to have some cookie dough, then go to bed.
My brain is exhaustedddddd 
House fell through today   Working with Joe Schrank in morning.
A lot more appetizer sampling, shaking hands and kissing babies.
 Adam is a ROCK GOD.
I wish I had gotten one of my questions thru, though.
Sadness.
Don't have to be in the lab long tomorrow; I have a reaction going that takes supposedly 72 h.
Something may not be right with it though 
Have bunny sitting all line up for the next few days.
I'm going to miss Pancakes so much....even her ginormous claws 
 I was in microecon too!
but you were not in my class 
GOODMORNING.
didn't say goodnight last night.
Ate my last apple...
&lt;---emily*
ZOMG!
NOT ON-AIR Time for Microbiology  and water!
and THORN I WANT ICE CREAM
Packing up stuff to go home !
Gonna miss CET !
so im going to fail the bio regents tomorrow 
Watching the My Blood Valentine remake.
What the fuck is this crap?
Who the fuck thought this was a good idea?
Ok!
I have A LOT of DVD's  Rearranging my entire collection 
 me, too.
I'm almost always working on something....
tweeting to stay sane (or maybe it keeps me insane)
I am in an endless loop of agreeing to iTunes terms and conditions on the iPhone, but not being able to update anything.
 I said that 5 times and i didnt get kicked 
Argggg movies take way too long to download from limewire 
No one will go for wings with me  I wish Susie was here...I bet she'd go with me...
 worst part of working again - - - - missing your show  i'mma hafta bring in headphones to the office
Just got back from the cemetary.
Happy Birthday Lloyd Mitchell Jr.
And may you Rest In Peace.
Gone but never forgotten.
missing my little boy like crazy 
 fuck you for being out of school already  i have 2 more days of internal FML
at home, doing some homework.
Posted to my 2 my sis, and air on yahoo.
looking at the textbook but not wanting to read it 
homw need good weatr for tomoral so that i can go the the bach with a hottie that is gay  but hot lol and kidda likes me lol random
 I just need an opportunity.
 yep - sucky 
unable to audition for 'Idol' after all..
unavoidable circumstances 
 it now went to voice mail with out it ringing!
 Aw  Sis I miss you 2 ...
We gone make it do what it do I promise...
 the live feed on pkr is slowly dieing 
i'm terrified!
i dont want to do that training tomorow!
i barely know anyone!
i dont know what they will make me do!
i'm scared 
 you dont return messages do you ?
 sad thing is, i live next to pasadena.
it sucks cause i cant go cause there isnt any $ 
thinking about my love life and why id I really know what love means!!!!!!!!!
Ah .
.
Brian and Hope are moving  well at least we will see them one more time on there way out of Oregon.
twitter and myspace have stolen my soul  watching poa.
 i miss you more caroooolineeee 
Cleaning city grime/rain/mud off of my blinds.
Yep just got home to find my windows were open during the storms 
what a shame!
 Yeah, I tried a few times &amp; never got past page 2 
 omg me too 
Taking a shower --&gt; no more csi 
 awwwwww 
 why did Mel remove me from her Twitter????
Mua my cun sch v 2 ci i cu xong, by gi?
khng cn bnh m m n 
getting off the laptop.
it's about to go dead       but i'll tweet from my phone if anything amazingly halarious happens.lol.
 I twitpic'd it!
&amp; neverminddd I got a B not a B+ 
waiting him!
ooohh i miss him terribly!
Why makes things bad when they're good?
 oh no  i thought both would be cool - guess i'm not cool w/ the 4yr olds lol
 Glad to hear you're doing better.
Oxygen is scary shit 
 TIM TAMS ARE SO FTW!
And aww  more pics need to be green.
 U know?
I can't tell u how many experiments I've ruined trying to follow ya'll tweets.
Twitter jacks up my productivity 
 Well, I'm sorry.
I just get scared of E losing you to another E other.
I'm sorry.
Im lonely.
Wtheck is up with twitter??
Can't view my friends timeline!!
Haaaaaaaaa (scream) there goes my night 
 i don't think there is a search.
i wish there was 
samson has been licking so much that one side of his tongue is bright red 
not feeling so hot right now .
Last day of nightschool!!
Free cookies yay!!!
Haha fatass!
 Ah, damn.
Wishing my iPod touch had Bluetooth.
Why didn't they add it to the first gen in the first place?
grr at having problems setting up my website to host wordpress 
omg my life has no purpose anymore 
 That's why I'm missing out on tomorrow n't get out of work!
 yea real sad 
watching Astros game and suffering.
 Thinking of you.
Bad news all around.
Frick!
The place is closed 
 Awww, Hon!
We've all been there.
It's never easy.
Just cut up my 2,700 dollar pool I got 2 years ago  one of the kids tossed a ball in the pool and the dog ripped up the side tryn 2 get it
 need you 
Jus got back from the pool..
it was fun..
but i kicked josh in the eye  oops!
 youtube it papa, I just saw it right now.
Its the end of the world 
workin' like a dog.
 Missed the entire show due to the news channel talking the whole hour about a storm south east of here...
is there a repeat?
Exhausted and I don't like it   I want a vacation please.
Still awake, I can't get to sleep!
Big exam tomorrow
sleepy, burning up, and headache ughhh sux sux sux 
 please dont pass out!
I will seriously cry.
stupid mosquitos!
West Nile Junkies with nothing better to do than to bite us!
:O
Almost two years to the day and my MacBook Pro appears to have died.
Black screen, won't boot 
I can't stand this.
  I really hope you feel better soon!!
I am excited to have someone else in the office with me finally  but it won't last long 
uhoh...
pants starting to split - either too many nachoes or shoddy stitching - I blame the latter.
 I don't have TBS (nor can I get it here in Canada) 
 hope you feel better baby 
Week left being 21.
gonna start lying about my age
 so saad aiding is over 
got to keep the bod in shape so I have to go work out.
want to look good for water skiing too.
so far, not many have been there to notice 
hot as helllllll, my ac is still broken 
 That's a very good point; the backyard mechanic vibe has lost some of its potency.
 I know  They are so adorable...
And totally wear their heart on their sleeve; I just wanted to give them a hug!
Having an absolute mare trying to sleep 
This is Maddox Andrew !!
He's too tired to play..
saw one of the new Z4s pure sex, even though it was silver 
&quot;You must reach the rank of Consigliere (level 35) before the Godfather will authorize any travel to Cuba&quot;.
 ok so i'm seeing some good numbers but my computer won't let me take a screen shot 
why does it say I have 4 followers when it only shows 2 that makes me sad 
Omg thats so sad 
We did different stuff!
Like paint and go to the park.
I was opened up to another side of dating.
I kind of miss her.
THERE'S NOTHING ON TV!!!!
i saw this episode of The Game already 
 Hi Ellen and Kanye!
I bet you are having more fun than me-I'm doctoring a sunburn.
 Don't you o.O me!!!!
You did this 
 God I want so badly to move out and be able to decorate and mess up my own place.
Too bad I won't be able to afford it 
 I agree 
Is not having a good day today.
 im sad about that
3 baby hedgehogs now in care after being picked up by a dog 
Grrr wtf!
Left my room to take a pain pill and my son didn't answer my phone, missed  call!
 I was going to come out for that but I have a wedding to go to that day.
I don't think Logic wants me remixing songs tonight.
it started to rain on me  i had to quit runnin
Having to slum it at a Hampton Inn.
I usually whine about no TiVo.
This room doesn't even have a bathtub.
wants more 360 Microsoft points  meow.
 Hahaha!
My Twitter account is so busted!
I can't even get a pic to upload on Twitpic.
Booooo urns!
Sorry Troy...no sneak peek 
when does &quot;Prjct Rnwy&quot; start up?
I'm kinda not even giving this Fashion Show a chance.luv Kelly don't get me wrng,but miss Heidi  and Tim 
Day started all wrong..ended the same way 
 
Thanks to  I am now remembering the times when I still play KOF.
Want 
 you can just download it like I did.
You need the latest version anyways and I just installed it and deleted.
Someone please bring me damn ice cream!
I'm dying here  haha
Just dropped and broke half the bowls in the kitchen.
 where my tee 
On days like this when I need direction and 2 have an open honest no judgement convo w/ some1 I really miss Big Will.
Tomorrow is the last day that my local Starbucks is open.
I have to travel an extra 4 minutes now to get an iced mocha.
just heard on the news it's supposed to be 90 something degrees in CLT tomorrow...yikes.
94' and possible thunder storms.
awesome.
i miss san diego all ready 
Hursh!!!
Im just keeping it real!!!
R&amp;B music sucks ass right about now.
I cant relate.
Wishing Allen was home!
128kbps, really?
Sounds more like 96kbps that you transcoded!
I hate when people leak albums of poor quality.
 Just the same as the Phillies.
Loss  AGH!
why isn't in plain sight on demand yet?
back from Blue Sky, but my home smells like bad kitty litter &amp; the only one that has a cat around here lives downstairs 
Is listening to 80s on 8 on XM satellite radio!
This joint is sick!
The 80s was so great!
I miss it 
Doesnt feel well at all 
Christian Studies is the greatest 
Yay!
I have eggs now, now I have to wait til tomorrow to make it.
I miss high school and friends 
 i'm waiting for brittany she went to the neighbors to see if they can give her a ride..
so much for leaving at 10pm 
so tired 
Fml.
I didnt get the necklace 
 I just feel bad because I know you miss him.
I'd be sad if I didn't get to see mine for two days.
 aww  im sure didnt do that bad!
 is ceaser salad cool?
there is no chocolate in my house     THERE IS NO CHOCOLATE IN MY HOUSE!
WHAT IS THIS MADNESS OH MY GOD I NEED CHOCOLATE
my blackberrys trackball broke  i should get a new one tomorrow though
wishes she were going to (HED) P.E.
Face it Network Marketing and be tough   LOOK A THIS - we are doing!
 so weird i cant dm you 
he just came home?
i dun get it??
he just came home?
i dun get it??
 bummer.
..
what happened to wednesday nights??
Unfortunately installing an operating system in a virtual machine does not count as studying for my operating systems exam 
The Utopia is ending 
 Awwww mannn...
ii wanna swim 
Hahahahahah.
Wait , &quot;pest control&quot; for the woodchucks?
That's so sad   .
So much for that.
Wow.
What a bomb.
  they were forced to remove green bands, appeared without them in second half.
 ...
awww ...
I want a follow too  
hanging out; bed later I guess.
Getting up to do laundry tmrw, then idk.
Volleyball 6-8.
i love summer, but this one sucks so far 
 ..are you sure you are blocked lori?
That seems odd...
oh my gosh FGM is terrible 
missed sytycd...going to wallow in bed and hopefully dream of the amazing dances that I didnt see  Banana Republic owes me...
Idontwannagotowoooooork  stupid airplanes.
Stupid packages that make my hands nasty 
wish i was in LA for the Laker parade 
hitting the bed now...start wrk tom at 8  *yawn*
is not eligible for an iPhone 3G S upgrade until December  Boo hoo...
maybe there will be a slight upgrade by then?
*cry*
 I most definitely would if I lived there.
Stupid Ireland being so far away 
Damn...
Long spoil the laptop and leaving me with nothing..
Still got to go and get it repaired 
 my ipod gave me its last day 
Finally this stressful day from hell is over!
I get to go home!
Only to have to VPN in later to check on some work.
 I think I am the only person in the world who thinks mangoes taste like feet.
I need new ideas for package goodies.
One of my cool ones broke  damn glasss need more bubble wrap
chillaxin after work.
Ugh my tummy still hurts 
 thanks alfida u just bought my hopes down 
 awesome!
I lost a lot of my memoribillia when our basement flooded  still have tons of video tapes tho!
I hope to buddah, allah, and jesus that I find my wallet 
training for mcd tmrw !
haha goodstuff..
first i gottta rev.
for my math provincia.
 a don't get it here in Canada anymore- don't know why...miss it..
 I most definitely would if I lived there.
Stupid Ireland being so far away 
 I VOTED For you on TCA like on 10 differant computers i hope you win all of them!!!
IF You dont ill be so sad  GOODLUCK!!!
 ah sleep!!
Must be nice.
I forgot what that was.
 My posts wont' go through at IAG  Trying to play with you and rosie.
Whoo hoo!
I actually worked out today.
I just don't think I'll be able to walk for the next couple of days.
home from school, sick again 
well...
at least she's sleeping now and has a doc appointment tomorrow...
 I VOTED For you on TCA like on 10 different computers i hope you win all of them!!!
IF You dont ill be so sad  GOODLUCK!!!
I miss all the non-phone stuff I used my phone for, like as an egg timer.
I just burned my dinner w/o it 
Just watched SYTYCD!
Lovedd it, sad Paris was gone though 
  i wasn't ignoring you.
i'm totally out of it, drugged up...
and...
*angelface* possibly not 100% sober.
more just tired.
 how could u go on a vacation without me !!!!
I have an Anatomy Lab Exam tomorrow.
Does that type of muscle belongs to the Cat?
or Human?
...Dog?
 I wish you were too.
Ha!
I can't believe I was talking to a fake Jenna Fischer on here the whole time.
I was punked!!
But my day was productive so life is good.
 next week...
And I don't know  
 aw, life is rough 
In memory of my Grandmother; LaVesta Ailine Amolsch....today was her birthday.
I miss you,  so much , more than you could have imagined 
Ahr :| | ahhh, my phone is broken  yep broken.
Where she?
Where from and what she do?
Haha just bull shits yeahhh!
=[
 omg are you stalking me?!?!
so am i!!!!
I LOVE GH!!!!!!(except that now SVU will be cutting into new GH next season  )
 me neither til i had to use their shitty ass internet ( ) ...
INTERNET FAIL  I feel like a dunce.
Oh well.
i can't decide on a phone 
My universal truth for today:  mowing = allergy attack 
Why couldn't finals end today??
Watchin Star Trek.
About to go to bed.
A long day at work today and another tomorrow.
I worked 100 hours in two weeks last pay check!
 enjoy ur nite see u 2morrow not 5  but I'll see u again 5* on friday sweetie love ya Twuck!!!!!!!
lol to much Knight
CLEANING MY ROOM 
 It's in limbo.
Did u get yours?
Nap time was wasy too fast!
Had a much too short visit to Tuscaloosa today 
Going to bed  
  it shows up on twitter, but not on tweetdect 
Needs a place with working AC for comfort  it blew up...
 aww hopefully he can somehow 
It's really sad that i always get the same greeting in the morning &quot;not enough sleep ah?
you look so tired&quot; Zz..
must be my small eyes 
Had to delete ESPN's iPhone app (Bricked my backup)...Come on ESPN!
Please get this fixed 
Forgot about my pizza in the oven.
Cheat night failed.
not feeling well 
I'm sitting here dreading going to work 2mrw.....It's summer...I really shouldn't have agreed to work at school!!!
My year was over!!!
Super never ending cold 
thinks it must be teething ....
just gave Kate some Tylenol 
titanic part 2.
the sad part.
learning that my dad lost his job 
  Aw hon   I hope it's nothing!
Keep us updated!
*hugs*
 It's SO sad!
If I weren't a robot inside, I would've cried, but it really was sad.
Wah.
This Century can't stay on warped like four more days?
Really now?
  I'm sorry.
I didn't know we were supposed to go!
My fucking cat ate my ice cream while I was helping my other cat get his claws free.
I WAS HOLDING THE BOWL!
Little douche.
 Aww do it.Currently I have a tuxedo kitten that I got as a homecoming present &amp; I am not allowed to keep &amp; don't know what to do 
 I want a ciggy too 
Just downloaded iPhone 3.0 and am psyched especially about email search!!
What about voice dialing...where is that?
Home from my graudtion...
What a sad but hot day  I already miss my friends from my 2nd school
stupid pldt, I guess they're NOT really planning on fixing my internet connection  Been calling them almost daily already...
ew this cheap version of lesnac is gross  hope pineapple juice will wash out the gross french onion taste.
Thinks not looking good for my uncle.
Will find out soon 
Sorry  I  had to stop tweeting ..had a tweetdeck  moment !
Be back in 1/2 with some GREATNESS xoxoxo
 Catching up on tweets.
Sorry about your sadface day.
*hugs*
SO TIRED.
dieing slowly cus im not watching the game  ...
ugh school is a pain in the ass !
 it seems to work if you add on a profile page but not if you try add from your followers - been happening all day I'm afraid 
 I feel the same way!!
iPhone drying out since nasty toilet encounter Mon   What're the odds all will be well w/turn on tomorrow?
All + energy welcome.
;-&gt;
i have to go to school 
.
That's mean to even mess with me like that.
I have had a long day &amp; have a 3 hour drive home left.
&amp; I really wanted it.
In a ghetto ohio hotel with my mom&amp;lilsis, annoyed as fuq!
Wishin i was at tays w/ everyone.
I miss em!
Kwow i need conversation.
summer nights..
oh wait im still in class  2 more days!
FREEDOM
, oh no   That icon was so nice.
Notice I said was, now it's not 
I'm really starting to dislike my blog.
It needs a new theme - problem is, I don't have time to do it 
Still awake!
Someone is heavy on my mind 
  UVA baseball...
Come on boys you can do it
 that sucks..
i want some ice cream soooooooooooo bad 
Keith Urban is going to shoot his next video at the concert in Des Moines, Iowa...that I almost was going to get tickets to see.
 I know 
: Me neither.
 the series was called what i go to school for.
it 215 episodes long &amp; i've watched all the way from the beginning i get attached 
 Yes unfortunately.
I am without our guys until tommorow night.
Oops!Make that &quot;to see it&quot;.
 yup.
middle of next month.
if I can find a job and not be penniless by then.
 im sowwy boopsy!!
I KNOW ME SAD TOO!!!!
DAMN!!
Im going to suggest that they do more saturday shows next tour!!
What a nice day.
To be sitting inside a basketball stadium doing an exam 
 Just re-read the CNN article posted and I have to admit that while it's a step in the right direction, it isn't enough.
zits suck.
grad soon D: , go away you facking pimple!!!!!!!
good practice...cept that i hate KACEY MICHELLE NYS!
imma miss you
 yeah where is everyone tonight and I was looking for advice and everything   babywearing
 that's unfortunate..
Worked in flower garden again today really wanted to go to the movies  sorry licious!!!
missing my eric 
 man...
Tried to send u pic this morn going to work and can't!!!
always get failure!!
argh
I Feel Down...
because i was just about to give up again on a dream..
because it was not going my way 
 whatever it is angiepuss dont let it get to you..
 WHY is everyone green?
No one will tell me!
 Im goin 2morrow not 5 but have 5* friday!!!
cant give dvd will have 2 give 2 staff  I'll tell him b/c I also 4got 2 tell him.
Occupational hazard of the day: getting ranch in my eye...
it just squirted out 
 I'm married, I'm stalked everyday.
LoL
ohhh my god.
why am I not asleep.
eugh.
I'm bored right now 
OMG Why does traffic STILL suck so much?
I have a tummy ache.
 LOL!
Yes!
And my work for him always half done one.
Oh what fish they were, 4 yrs and plenty of good times...
&amp; brightlove fancylove So sad 
 no u crackhead..I been in Los Angeles for 2 years, u haven't visited yet 
 I c...
it's a song by nas- lifes a bitch.
I'm deeply hurt that you could automagically deny our twiness.
So very hurt 
  sometimes I just miss being able to talk to my friends.
Too much family time irks me.
Going for a quick run.
I desperately need to update my ipod, but since my laptop crashed I've lost all of my saved songs.
Flickr sucks i dont know how make it work...
i know im stupid person, but im alone as here 
 Have done!
For some reason we can't get it out here, though.
Closest place that carries it is 45 min away.
Kinda hating the summer which sucks 
 Shame on me 
 guess my google isnt perverted enough %20body.jpg
 : Taylor Swift is 19.
She's already way behind on her career.
Portman did it better, this just makes me cringe 
iPhone 3.0 upgrade lost half of Kate's apps, and as the family tech guy I'm getting blamed 
 Election integrity in Tennessee just suffered a staggering blow.
Ah fuck, I think this is the episode where Dana dies.....poor Alice.
ok bedtime, can't keep eyes open anymore 
 I HATE YOU BITCH!
It's not fairrrrrrrrr  I want a macbook so badly :'(
Wants a motorcycle....
really bad 
 I'm in Arkansas.
I am labor and delivery nurse so I work long shifts.
No internet access allowed at work either.
im sad  why do ppl have to be so clueless!!!
At work freaking tired 
 That picture doesn't exist anymore.
 I just wanted to be able to send pics  lol.
I noticed lol is not longer in caps.
Haha.
Now I think it looks funny
Mike Tango Tango Whisky Yankee!!!
Y is that I Mike Yankee, when I just have to Foxtrot Yankee?!?
Y its so hard 2 LetGo?
 i really want to follow him but can't until i log in via phone internet but he's so cute in that one interview 
 i know  but it wasnt our fault..
haha
if I play anymore sims, I am going esplode, though 
 ah.lemme see.still making total recall  dont know kasi if i aint hands on.paksyet.try searching help hahahah
Ugg..
I've been playing call of duty aaaallll day..
Now one of my cats is missing.
Animals, why do you break my heart?!
  for trying to not get you drunk!
last time i try to help, fuck it we are getting wasted then!
I always fuck it up.
I try to change it and yet...that's just me...the fuck up.
Oh!
I missed my 100th tweet 
Its the horrible truth....Flirtin could just b fun  thx 4 the heads up....
 - This isn't Fred.
This is his friend Ted.
He met Chef Tomm.
Poor Ted.
Soon he'll be dead 
 haha that's gross haha I'm not playing jack afterall.
It blows 
the hangover wasnt as funny as i expected 
Still hasn't talked to me since he got home at 6.
I'm really heart broken 
 Well I was in physical abusive relationship..yes gays get those too.
And I think I still love him, sorry can't help Kristie 
just missed english club with friends.
feel so bad..
Sunshine state?
more like sunburn state.
ow.
Photo: This isnt Fred.
This is his friend Ted.
He met Chef Tomm.
Poor Ted.
Soon hell be dead 
 cant, its fathers day 
 Please give me a sign, if you see it...
I`m still waiting for an answer  
I just thought if we ever get Mia a partner we will name him Godot 
  depends on what u selling lor..
My bridesmaid shrug yarn came and it's the wrong color.
Grumble.
youth was fun,  but he disappointed me 
 im so sadd.
and confusedd
  i have bolts and bolts of fabric just waiting to be sewn...
I could prolly have 300 or so items in the shop...
 Oh how we miss Mint!!!!!!
updating my 1st gen iPhone with the 3.0 software update.
It's going to take two hours!??!
 she is fucking nuts, but so cute.
I wish i could have her 
I like my birthdays like my Christmases: lonely.
I lost an important number after the 3.0 update.
Yet another MobileMe mishap.
I wish I had a better memory.
I miss you
LOL.
i have an exam in exactly 34 hours and 12 minutes.
sounds like a lot?
well...
its NOT.
im scuuredd.
LOL.
My brother is doing his first WLFC broadcast right now and I am disappointed because I can not hear it.
You go Bro!
 where are you!!!!!!
I miss you!
VERY sad I wont be going to Melbourne in August....concert is cancelled 
Dealing with anything but trouble..
mom is not letting me do skyjump in Macau.
rahhhhhhhhhhh 
Fuck I got the red rings 
Crap, I left my G33k B33r at work.
I was really looking forward to drinking it.
Going to bed crying.
 Wasn't me   A guy named Jimmy did.
At work.
Soo tired 
Have to go bed with dry feet.
i have plenty of lotion at home 
 i just took a 3 hour nap, it was awesome, but i kind of have a headache now 
ok, enough twitter.
time to crack down and study :| 
why am i awake already  my left eye hurts.
for real.
 oops big faux par!
I humbly apologize  get your soggy PNW butt south then sister!
;-)
is super sleepy..
Staying out laate on a school night is not such a great idea 
need blog design decisions to be made and I can't ever make up my mind 
cant find Rambo 
 I too need a job really bad...
smh bye ricky hackin my shit,  I WANT CHECKERS!!!!
HEY MY BATHING SUITS' SHINY AS SHIT N HERE lmao..
KCG SHAY* @ SAMBAS!!!!
YESS!
 i actually really wanted to go.
i hate exams      hopefully some other time.
 lol I know...but it's still a fucked up line 
 Hehe your kitty can probably swim better than Paddy can!
Paddy hates the water 
 waats tha matter lola 
63 days kids!!
I'm wantin to go home real bad 
No one seems to like my &quot;pharmaceutical spelling bee&quot; idea  Pharmacists vs techs!
Try hydrochlorothiazide or fesoterodine fumarate.
Cmon!
Or.....pasta!!!
?
Bryan said no carbs @ night 
Took 1.5 hours to get home today.
 oh noooez  I'm working!
abo lo mester keep me updated 
 Thanks- Hope M doesn't really have the flu!
Hope she feels better soon and that you all don't get it...
 yea its a really nice hotel but no bet or fridge in the room 
I cant believe it its like not real 
NERVOUS FOR EXAMS!, i got  .....
I FAILED MY LITRACEY TEST BUT 10 MARKS!!
a passs was 300!
:| ....
not happy!
Finally on the road again with another truck but no minivan!
Sob sob 
Felt crappy most of the day  Starting to feel better now, just submitted to ccbill, yay, will be up soon!!
didn't win the conest to go to the MMVAs 
I am so incredibly annoyed at the rain ruining my tv tonight-SYTYCD ruined by interference &amp; I'm a Celebrity preempted by weather reports 
off 2 bed got 2 b up 2 go 2 the docs about my chest ugh!!!
 Died  I was wondering if I should update, but I couldn't decide how weird that was.
 Oh and btw, I would love to hang out with you in NYC, unfortunately, I'm about 200 miles from there right now.
So, Im pretty sure this is one of the worst sunburns of my life.
Ouwwie 
Heading out for a late dinner  then possibly to Wally-world...but not sure maybe that can wait til tomorrow
 YOU WENT ON A DATE?!
that makes me jealous  lol jk
 Maybe.
Except there was a shooting at their house...
That ups the odds.
I believe the are drug dealers, here in the suburbs 
 I think the compass is 3GS only.
ate a blueberry bagel...
I don't feel so good now 
  damm it .
If im the first im in Edmonton...
My Tweetdeck is undergoing some changes, sorry if I haven't been replying to some of you guys.
Also, anybody tweet anything interesting?
David feels like he is competing with my phone.
I have to go guys!!!
just waiting for hubby to get home from work I am so ready for bed.
I cant go to sleep without him.
 I want it so bad.
I'm so jealous.
 Idr a few months ago.
lmao  Well, at least not that.
Oh, ok...well my bad.
lol
     ....
My mood is currently BLAH .
Sitting in a parking lot
 - My own &quot;Before The Storm&quot; love story  I miss you all the time...I hate her for breaking us apart.I hate tha ...
 I know right!!
It's my second favorite.
I really do want to go to NY...
it's just that college has me broke!
 I've been craving BBQ pork Ramen.
Alas, I always want it on Tues, and the store is closed then.
 my turtle died...
The Game is on ;) &amp; Juice was good of course...man Raheem 
Sometimes being a mother sucks and I hate it.
How horrible is that  - Aweful, Southern Ocean
 nooo  but I've seen nastradamas on nat geo!
I have 3 more years of exsistence
The last 4 days have been awful.
I've been so dizzy and sick and it won't go away!
 i know it was like burly yesterday we saw him 
 why am i douchebag?
Officially heart broken  Why couldn't this happen when I wasn't already feeling so sick!
  gaaay english exam   it's guna be so hard to wake up lol i get up at 1 like everyday now :/ haha
I'm guessing Facebook and Twitterific apps aren't compatible with the new iPhone 3.0 software?
Mine keep crashing 
 I MC today.
Guess with the medication can't join you tmrw for drinks le.
Sorry.
  I'm seriously really angry at my mom right now.
&quot;I don't want to take you blah blah blah&quot;.
D:
  thats  a bummer
Got my hair butchered today &amp; cried like a baby for a few hours.
Getting extensions tomorrow to try and fix it 
Correct!
It would be whose gogo iPhone win again 
 The DDoS is doing MUCH harm right now  Iran iranelection
 maybe so.
It only took me about a half hour.
Thats a drag, sorry to hear that.
But I am very upset that I didn't get butter and honey.
How am I supposed to eat my biscuit?
I wanna see the cab so bad!
Someone take mee!
 I think I forgot to wish you a Happy Bday!!
Sorry Natalie...Vegas haze to blame  Happy (belated) Birthday!!
's first fear 
 that is nasty laughing at me 
Remember way back in the day when AOL was so sloooow because everyone was using it at once?
RCN cable broadband is like that now.
Boo!
just got a divorce  man i love my ex-hubby still, no matter what but oh well who's next ?
hahaha
 busyyyy!
i already told you on facebook 
 I did.
Sad, sad.
He's my favorite character on Grey's.
PETERFACINELLI (hahaha!)
omg!
yo' wtf.
lmao.
why the fuck does she keep appearing on my page?
i even blocked the roach, but it keeps getting it.
ok w/e 
Just lost a DirecTV Tivo DVR.
Weird random errors, freezing, and skipping.
Then nothing.
Nada.
Doesn't even turn power on anymore.
The xbox 360 is officially dead   The red ring of death won this time.
Shame on the makers of xbox 360
Spoke too soon.
Guess today isn't that great of a day afterall...
 i cant eat cookie dough anymore though 
 dang i missed it  glad to hear it went good
FFS, moving to the outskirts of camberwell.
got the burwood exchange.
no more adsl2+ 
I just screwed up my reverse transcription 
twitter confuses me 
 Ok, you're right.
Im sorry.
 omg I feel like I shouldn't be American; I don't know 
    I was neutral on ants until today.
My poor little car.
However do I get rid of them??
 I was walking home the other day and I tripped and fell in the middle of route 60.
My leg broke my fall 
Has everyone seen the Hangover but me?
 I'm sorry!
I didn't   Went over to the aunt &amp; uncle and played Rock Band and drank beer.
MY BAD.
Missing out  cause I'm feeling under the weather and I'm broke.
The dash family are out at havanas.
Have fun guys.
 aw that's up at work.
He away  right now.
 3.0 is for both iphone and itouch.
I am backing mine up now prob take another 1hr 15 minutes to do so 
 me too  dying for it.
 Yes, we will never forget our Blue Duck, nor we will ever stop missing him!
Miss you Willap!
 No, that is just a lie.
No zone charting cyborgs running amok in BOH.
I'm having Nashville withdrawls..I miss it soo much the town and my best friends ...and I still have a year of school left 
I cant stop sneezing 
 - My poor little niece ...
at the hospital after an accident.
omg this Takkiii's video made me cry ..
takkii looks sooo sad when crying !!
notes Twitter is now used in cyberwar.
Bad precedence established.
 hm, I think you are not here  Then I`ll go to bed again und hope, that you see my video one day and send me an DM
is on a race against time.
 Isn't that always the case?
Sheesh.
What happened?
 i noe exactly how u feel 
just finished playing the sims 3 and it was pretty disappointing  i thought it was gonna be soo amazing and fun but.....i was sadly wrong.
Life is crazy right now...
Waiting on Amber to get to my house and help me pack 
 did we fail u  ~tear~
 oh yay!
thats awesomeee!!
any cool plans for the summer.
im bored rite now  lol
got into a car accident today  rabby's going to need some serious lovin' from the insurance company.
 Wow~ Franco,you started in Feb but you never update 
at school.........
so boring ...
only here coz its brodies last two weeks!
Why do they always find something else wrong?
 i have a feeling they are in tha garage.
i engraved the 3 paddles i needed to do with a dremel, uugghh its too small, and no power 
Was looking foward to taking an evening walk along the beach in Penticton...
Boohoo rain 
Aww man!
I didn't know that the Angels vs Giants game today was a day game!
Now I have to wait till 1am to see the replay 
 by the way I should have taken a poll, the attorney general office's reply, &quot;hire a lawyer&quot;  and no response--congresswoman
UFC = BF's revenge for rhnj or my personal pain.
;;)  I miss Amir, Forrest, and Rampage.
 nope!
And I was looking forward to living a long and reality-show-voting-less life.
There goes that dream  *sigh*
 I miss my boo already 
Come back to meeee, Something Corporate.
IMYSFM.
I reeeeeally need to get around to writing that blog post.
it's a really good one but I just haven't found the time!
gah!
this weather needs to get better, I wanna wear my shorts!
Wonderful asparagas -- hope I don't shit my drawers on the walk home 
 im ok thanks just working away on websites and stuff its my bday soon  not happy about getting old lol what u been up to
 Lenny's is good, but, my gosh, overpriced!!
I feel guilty just thinking about eating there.
 is down at the moment...
I loved being off 5 days in a row.
I don't wanna go back to work tomorrow.
sore throats are the pits....
i think i need a cough drop 
 i'm not green 
kyle is making fun of me 
i have a headache.
again 
Too much lightning!!!
sadly   a week or 2 ago i got chocolate on my favorite Lululemon jacket but at least i can wash it!
yay!
but chocolate is good though!
at the animal hospital with  and my cat rajah 
laying in bed...
tomarrow is suppose to rain 
  Alas, I am falling asleep.....
&quot;Is the feed valid?
Confirm its validity now.&quot; - me disse o FeedBruner.
Nao entendo nada de feed  vontade de chorar 
 It was a mess getting out of Knoxville tonight.
Sorry your game was postponed.
 so mad.....
Home from school sick and mum has me cooking for her &amp; her friend!
How is this fair!?
why can't we keep the kitten 
The weather is terrible.
 we had that happen with out xbox and now the controllers never fully charge 
 haha.
Stress stress stresss  only if new york looked like dr noone would need a vaca
 lol, CRAP I FORGOT the concert i'm going to is on sunday, i'm so confused on the days now that it's summer hah, sowwi 
 Hummmm you seem very busy..
I wanna go to Creation!
*Sigh* my laptop didn't come today, even though it was supposed to be here on monday  if only coopinton still worked at fedex, he woul ...
  I went to basic for the Air Force...got discharged    Had an asthma attack when we did the 2 mile run and they had to boot me
 Huhuhu!
Didn't make it to your live chat.
Too late to know...
This is the problem with having different time zone...
 hey now 
thinks wearing an orange shirt is not a good idea 
I love the poulenc!
Unfortunately, I've done it so many times, putting it on my masters recital would be bad form 
 The news said it was here 
My mom forced me to kill the ants that's eating her plant.
Full from free Pei Wei an DQ.
I'm in no mood to set-up my network again.
morning sunshine.
i had breakfast with my own self 
No Frosty tonight  made a tasty sundae instead.
Crumbled graham crackers, vanilla ice cream and magic shell topping.
Whitsett until Sunday...everybody went out of town and left me by myself 
Going to have a Kingdom Hospital marathon I think, just wish the missus was home watching it with me 
So bummed that Lisa didnt want to pick up the homeless hippie 
So so tired 
-settles for cold water with pink lemonade powder stuff- 
 I know I don't miss it!
Were I in LA, I wouldn't be able to go home for lunch to see my gurls 
 Oh it's hard to watch that and stay dry-eyed.
I loved Princess Di!
My enter and right shift key isin't working  help fixit
am i making a mistake?
 No question about it, one terabyte drive that I have now is already at 50% though 
 haha it's raining.sokay,can't journey out yet pun.sucks for u too,no photos 
 it was 2008 dec issue of Vanity Fair  i like True Blood too..
Anna Paquin's cute!
if only the 2 male leads arnt so fugly...
 I don't know how  what do I do?
Too tired to draw.
Too tired to work on internship shit.
I just took a shit ton of NyQuil.
I'm going to bed.
 I don't know what that is.
iPhone on Three ( but in july ..
I guess that means I won't be getting one on day 1 
 sadly, not yet!
i've been changing my flight one day at a time because i have yet to hear back 
in school doing F&amp;N coursework...
BORING day..
 sure all you will have to do is plug it into your computer and iTunes will handle the rest.
No LA this weekend 
 100 R$ to every B.C account...
stop with the bribing seriously!
We Non B.C.
get nothing but ten tickets and a few visits 
uuughh math exam 
wants to win back her ex-wife.
Why did Cory the car salesman have to come and sweep her off her feet??
 it fell apart 
Sleeping.
Sleep while u have the chance!
And just remember that God is watching!
Love you all!!
Volleyball on Friday for 3 hours!
 WHY?
Connor fell &amp; got a big gash on his head at daycare!
Had 2 take him 2 ER where they had to give him stitches 
&quot;i would dump his a**&quot;  but what if u keep saying that and u keep going back cuz u want ur kids to have a dad...life is sooo hard 
 do you need a twug?
mine didnt make it either 
 Oh my gosh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I''m speechless~ where did you see/hear about this story?
What.
I alrdy got here.
And my stuff are heavy  who you with.
OMG!
I had all excellent ticks in boxes except one.
Man can they just gi ...
My laptop is dead so I can't visit my computer friends as much.
 you are welcome!
kelis is DEF one of a kind - bet she is singing that song to Nasir daily 
Trying to help my sister pick out a boy's name for my future nephew, but nothing that she likes.
That's okay.
Just seem to entering that time of life where the sux days out# the not-so-sus ones.
 Awww man  *hugs*
 im doing better.
but i still cant drive 
Goodbye hundreds shoes 
I don't think of me in terms of you; I don't think of you in terms of us; I don't think of us in terms of love 
my friends are mean to me   
putting together my religion exam cheat sheet   i really don't wanna do it 
I still dont even kno how im doin my hair for prom..i dont even have a hair stylist..
Mine moved to ATL 
now smells like Asian after cooking dinner.
its heavy raining 
 It's true...
Cam gets so annoyed with me though...
and I don't even think he knows I'm running the Thunder 
 I found a worm in a potato once.
I feel your pain 
oh so bored.
im just doing another current event for geography.
ugh 
On my way home with a bladder full of pee  just thought I should share...
 well good luck, cause stupid coworkers are everywhere 
 yea...meant to be in at 6am again...
I really don't know what's going on like  x
Cooled down outside, yay.
Although high temps are gonna be the norm this weekend, bleck.
Heat is not my buddy 
trying to look on the BRIGHT SIDE of life..
just doesnt work..
Much 
now smells like Asia after cooking dinner.
  I hear you are sick  Sorry - But now I can move in on Rich E ~ However I won't  take advantage - So get well soon, I will wait
sitting in my room doing homework...
ugh im so tired of homework 
 i follow all three of you  but none of you follow me 
having bad technology day - blue screen of death on my notebook 
 yessssssssssss i miss them too 
only one night with you.
only one ..
YES, im talking about ..
OKAY, im a bitch.
but ..
i still love joe 
hahaha watching kung fu panda &lt;3 my dog had 4 puppies - only one made it 
 I love the poulenc!
Unfortunately, I've done it so many times, putting it on my masters recital would be bad form 
 Game Fuel is nowhere to be found in Idaho.
Makes me a less caffeinated sad panda.
 Tomorrow Will Be My Last Day Being A FloHoe!
I'M GONNA MISS YOU GUYS SO MUCH!!!!
&lt;3
 Did you enter your Twitter ID &amp; password on the home page?
I think they consider that joining.
Sigh.
I broke the internet.
Sorry 
 it won't work until late this summer, AT&amp;T haven't started it yet.
I have humongous stys in both my eyes and they hurt like mess 
I have a boo boo on my foot now 
What does the recent acquisition of eMusic by Sony give me?
I now have 37 downloads a month instead of 50.
Canceling membership 
 you forgot me!
lol
 Oh honey, that sucks 
well, i'm going to sleep.
i'm fucking tired.
bye bye 
that now i have a headache &amp; i'm sick to my stomach 
I'm so tired to go to school 
: i'd be down for it but you live too far na.
IGNORANCE IS SO BLISS.....
BELIEVE IT HOMIE &quot;GNR&quot;....
BABY MAMA DRAMA NEVER STOPS 
 I wish I was there 
 miss u too.
man hanna was mean to me today 
 Of course you will be, I wont be able to make it though  Why couldn't you have waited until August?
Can't believe ABC cancelled The Unusuals.
Never even gave it a chance bc they never promoted it &amp; now I'm watching the last episode ever!
:   
well, as usual, i have to study, but MAN!
no one can deal with this!
everyday i have a test!
I do need vacation!
as quichly as possible!
 Sorry, I know it's obnoxious.
I at least try to tack it on to pre-existing tweets?
 jealous!!!!
Red ring of death 
Searching for pretty nose studs, that aren't just jewels.
SO BORING!!
no one seems to have them though  any tips??
I live in victoria
 thats when you assert your heritage in the slapahoe tribe...sorry you hurt your ankle love 
 hey man you going to be at brickhouse on friday??
i'm thinking about coming down to ride it for the first and last time 
 why is the chat so late?
I'm still in school!
 I'll never forget you, I love yoou 
got fucked in the mouth X.x $40 parking ticket 
cant get that picture out of my mind 
 The Internets are mean sometimes.
I'm not in the car next to you 
  automatics SUCK!
;) too bad my cars don't come in stick 
I just got a parking ticket  i thought i had good karma coming my way
I can't stop listening to the live version of IRO-bot by Coheed and Cambria  Halp!
 sry i get my  sent to my cell n just txt it back i guess i didnt get that one  lol bt hey least we r chattin lol
I got bit by a mosquito.
Im tired of musicians that only succeed because they have flippy hair and lip rings.
 No choices.
Carbs consume my ENTIRE life!
Y did u hav to mention sushi?
What a bad day it has been so far, hope things look up.
 umm mitchel musso, david henry, cody linley, i dunno 
I have a headache 
  LOL too bad we don't look anything a like ;/
 
Look at that  &amp;  is just 30 minutes away from me and I'm missing out On them.
Thank you mom.
 ha, I just realized this, by the time your hockey game is finished, I'll already be waking up for work 
is going for a little walk with the boy and then to bed...
gotta be up at 5 tom.
morning 
Time to sleep now, up in 6hour which im not lookin 4ward to 
Goodnight!
Sunburn, you burn 
I am so incredibly annoyed at the rain ruining my tv tonight-SYTYCD ruined by interference &amp; I'm a Celebrity preempted by weather reports 
I already bought a digital copy from EA store of Sims 3 for the pc, seems like if I want to play it on my mac need to buy another one  
O.K.
everyone1  night1  then montreal.
so I won;t be twittering this weekend 
just got home and is not feeling well at all...
Missing out on fire fighter appreciation night at dodger stadium  so so sad
well, as usual, i have to study, but MAN!
no one can deal with this!
everyday i have a test!
I do need vacation!
as quickly as possible!
Dude.
They ran out of souvenir baseballs.
I didn't get one.
Sad panda.
 im jeaulous you should do this in brazil too 
Ah mann.
That's gotta suck.
-&gt;-&gt;i&lt;3AaRoN--&gt;
 hahahahah!
usually i post things but no one replies 
Wish I was watching the lightning storm with my momma 
oh i cheated today i had a cup of soda and ice cream im bad 
i wish my internet was working.
stupid storm.
 yeah i just hate to see him in so much pain 
  I hope you find them!
  I will b sad when u all r happy in Texas!
LOL
 OMG!!
nooo say it aint so 
Ridiculous weather in Pittsburgh tonight...
everywhere is flooded so I can't go anywhere 
dare I say it?!
my fire is beginning to burn out 
Theres no kitteh followin me upsturs goin merahhh 
 damn you're glue fan as well  you shoulda came out for the show last sat!
should have been much further than this by now, a little bit more gone a little less twisted around...
 - Louie after the cut 
  Was going to download this afternoon...should I wait?
 yes I'm alive...
I has lost my life to precal, 8 hours a day = 40 hours a week.
That makes anyone go crazy 
 hasnt been tweeting as often as he used to 
 Oh sugar, that's not nice 
 mmeehh my dream will never come true 
Why still feel sleepy 
Headache is pounding.
Hasn't let up all day 
 I was seeing how long I could go w/o one.
Apparently only a few hours 
Headache...
I think I am really swearing off meat now.
I just saw the mini cows 
 I know.
It sucks.
I want one of the Rock Band packs this week &amp; it's not even up there yet.
wowww this sucks, pretty much like 6 concerts i wanna go to 
 having to cancel my Zune doesnt make me jizzinmypants 
laundry time 
MAN...
So sick of packing this wk...
Boxes everywhere!!
This has 2 end soon.
Can't bear it much longer.
I'll b happy when its all over.
 over the PVD.
i'm trying to survive extreme sunburn peeling  i'm so itchy and in PAIN.
 hey, that's actually a pretty good idea!
I always wanted to build one in a corn field, but I hear that idea has been taken.
  he went to a new home tonight, she I should say.
Sorry.
In the hospital missin my babbyyyyy 
Taking monkey to the ER.
We were changing him for bed and he rolled over, his arm stuck behind him, and pop  
Wondering how long this Palm Centro will be &quot;cool&quot; 
 Hai.
I voted for him!
But his picture is missing  a real disadvantage, bcs of all the cute anipals
Can't sleep....
Again  Not good
 Steph I'm so glad that you are reaching out to help people will these problems.
My Aunt &amp; Uncle passed away from them.
LOL thx re: the avatar.
Well we found out we need new compressor for AC in truck.
I can do without AC, hubby's a wimp.
There goes $$$ 
Sometimes i think friends who've only known me for a couple years know me better than my going on 15 years best friend.
My tummy hurts 
in a lot of pain...not fun 
Damn have to work at 10 
Needs some social adult time...to much time here with children...
Just downed some whataburger after keeque's game, now nursing his ankle back to health.
Don't wanna go to work tommorow 
 though it seems to be down now so 
 Oh no I missed itttttttttttttttttttt   I am sickkkkk and slow today   Sorryyyy!
I'm sure you were fabluous though!
It's raining now and it's supposed to be raining all day tomorrow, off and on.
Ouchie!
Somethings been biting me 
 first time for me to be this juu dong () it's not easy...
 Evo sounds fun but until u guys move all these events to dec im expended as for travel funds and free time  btw we shoulda met e3
This Twitter stuff is so nuts!
I'm trying to learn it, and yet I still don't feel like I'm doing everything right...but then, I never do!
1,I'll miss you  &amp; Carrie 2,legally double your money in 30 days!
 It wasn't purposeful  I'm going home now because of that mistake.
having an xbox problem 
Lonely...
So lonely...
 yeah.
i think it may be the cold meds im taking + caffinated tea....
is tired of childlike behavior and thinks he needs to find a new group.
I want to make my own WoW guild.
Thing is, I've been out of the game for so long, and I a rerolling a new char.
Iono where to start.
 lmao sorry that i got you sick  latin wasn't that bad, but there were a couple of random vocab words.
i still don't get matrices.
Man i'm smart...
I just locked my keys in my car!
at least my mom is bringing me the spare!
 You know, I used to know...
like I REALLY did..
and I'm only 21 but lately...I just can't tell anymore 
why do u make me so happy?
feelings are changing, and I'm afraid 
just wants to feel better...my head is going to eSpLoAd 
I wanna dye my hair.
I've missed so much tonight...dang it!!!
had to put kids to bed  wefitfamiliesfitfam
K I give in, massage therapy for my hip or I won't be able to run in the underwear affaie  run last night was bad
:  that sucks!
So close, and yet so far.
Sorry to say the new job will not allow me to access twitter or facebook or any other social networking 
 : Ellen your pic's not there.
 Oh boy!
Well, I'm glad it was kidney stones and not something else, altho I hear those hurt like a mofo  Good to hear she's ok
At CommunicAsia, the machine is kinda slow to run video and sort of things at the same time.
 dang php error  I'm really interested in what it shows
 damn girl i thought u knew 
holy fuck, i need to catch up on greek.
i missed this entire season 
is going to bed...
i miss the girl 
 sis is messing with me and im mad  help
 Gonna b in Chicago all 3 days to see my favorite men!
The weather has gotten warmer but its been raining 2 much.
 I think twitter is being taken over by spammers.
Upgrading to 3.0 before getting the 3GS Friday..
Bye bye to cool themes for a while 
  holiday world.
i go thr lk every summer, its so much fun.
(: i cant wait 2 ride the pilgrims plunge!
;o i wish U could go.
:|
Can't digitally sign a M$ Word document opened in OpenOffice  It says: This document must be saved in OpenDocument file format before...
yup yup....still sick as hell ...jeeepers god frosaken fever go down!!!
101 and counting  &quot;fun&quot; misssing work a lot weird i know
Bored on the Internet and glad to be off work so I don't have to take no more calss about the damn iPhone update until tomorrow that is 
I know you are not tweeting while driving!
not good!
I have not been on the phones in 2 days and still no voice!
And my throat hurts 
back to work tomorrow 
 Its sad, school system is in bad shape here too.
So much for the children being our hope for tomorrow.
Left    &amp;   at union sq...I miss em already  and my  :/
 omg..im sorry  i hope youre okay..
AAAHHHH!
Sometimes I hate being single 
 Yeah thats what tmo told me.
I can't upgrade again till 2011 
i'm so beat, its only 8:30 but i cant keep my eyes open 
 don;t die  just give them a corrective
 the link 2 ur pic is not working 
so im pretty mad, selena abd demi are in toronto rigt now and im two hours away from them 
is currently doing hw 
All packed up and ready to hit the open road friday 
Slept through my evening plans.
so distracted.
I don't know what to do!
I really wanna quit, but maybe I'll make next week my last week...maybe...*sighs*  How'd I get myself into this?
 no MMS til late summer.
  I'm annoyed at the color controversy,  I can't stand ppl being rude toward Scotty!
Poor Allison has some  not so nice fans 
  I'm sorry.
Whatcha thinking about?
My tummy hurts, not okay!
 
 That's a female.
WOW!!
  never answering my im's
My little nephew Elijah is sick.
He's been kawawa all day.
Not liken this NEPA weather this week 
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired...
No doubt about it 
Borrowed it and never gave it back...
 my stomach is churning just thinking about it 
No more twitter!!!
missing my family 
I &lt;3 Obama but partial equality is still not equality...
 LUCKY it's so hot here still.
 even tho I dropped it before; I had my headphones wrapped around it and spiraled around falling hitting the concrete  I was sad
Hahaha she wasnt she b mean too me  
can't believe she's gone 
Forogt my toothbrush 
 but we can try 
Laying down.
Early day tomorrow 
I'm kinda disappointed that apple didn't release the new OS 3.0 today like they said they would  
 - Karan Johar hasn't posted since last November.
*is nosy*
 we aren't coming to tampa anymore  it got moved to Miami.....suckssss
Hey hey hey!
I miss you  but you have no idea.
 I can't wait to see Moon; not opening here for ages.
Glad to hear it's good.
I'd watch Rockwell read out the phone book.
Leavin' house for dental now.
Fucked up !!!!
And pms !
 not muchh juss out here its raining like crazy though 
  i dont like you.
but your hair looks pretty &lt;3
 hahahahah!
usually i post things but no one replies 
Hope Marlo stops being yellow soon.
I could be seeing stereo skyline right now.
ok, bye!!
gotta log off now,  GOOD NIGHT!
goodnight new york!......just got off the phone with my girls...im missin them so much 
 dang it I wish I was there 
 yeah, I've seen a lot of spam lately too.
is off to the lab for 12 hours of study.
fun fun fun  no happy dance today
was going to go out but my new phone's battery is dead already 
back home in the states  missing greece and moscow already.
 Someone could easily photoshop one of those screenshots, couldn't they?...
And then it would be an unfair victory...
Just walked by the mirror and noticed how much my hair has grown.
Now I want to cut it.
I'm thinking bangs.
Someone stop me  ...
I have no school tomorrow yay!!!
But I have finals on Friday and Monday 
 if true love waits...
i better find it soon since i've lost the one i thought was my true love 
going to bed 
Hrm, suddenly not feeling so well.
 *wimper* I want to reply to your DM, but you are not following me 
Well they don't have a phillies big screen in Disney world 
Went along the old train line from Jewels to Belmont today.
It rained.
heaps of white-cheeked honeyeaters birds
I know I am so glad school is over but I'm also kinna sad.
at least no more homework!!!
YAY!!
My kitten isn't feeling too well 
 dang.
That probably means no endorphins either.
i hate working things out....
 i was sacred for my life.
When i fell there was a car coming right at me  ~AresEros~
just updated my myspace layout wow all on my own it took forever lol's and it look kinda plain  but the thought counts hehe.......
just ate peanut butter and jelly on crakers so hungry 
 bike link did not work...
 yeah...and they even pushed back our 3g until after september now  at&amp;t fail
i just invented a new fancy soccer trick on accident.
now i can't do it again
i slept the majority of the day  i think i might be getting my p-rod for the first time in 4 months, ugh.
PERFECT TIMING, BODY.
&gt;
mmm...chinese food.
sux being poor.
closest imma get is ramen noodles.
bring it on!
Planning to get my drink on this weekend before I start South Beach diet next week.
No booze for the first 2 weeks.
 yea 
 it was a smooth download experience, I'm just mad I can't use all it's features 
i'm so boredd!
listening to music alone 
is sad...
something is fishy!
I noticed...
hmmm..
ok fine!
whatever!
at school in sose but very bored.
I want my whistle back Kelly  and agree with charlieskies
Don't get no breakfast in the morning..
pitty me 
something seems to be broken with the 'trends' feature in Tweetie, it only load one tweet at a time???
Spazzing because Canadians and Globerts may not get the Adam LAmbert issue of Rolling Stone.
Just stopped at a little gas station in newkirk, nm.
Felt like i walked into a horror movie.
No slashers tho 
I was watering my garden, I got wet  and now I have to change, hahaha!
 lol.
I can't.
 I found an AP video of miley performing the new song, and it includes the parts of it we didn't hear.
cant direct link it 
 What about Peru ?
 why don't we have cool stuff like that in texas?
Ok!
I feel awful and I'm so, so tired.
Not funny anymore  * squints as hurts sleepy eyes to look at bright screen *
 i updated my phone and it wiped out my wifi, i dont have that icon but i DO have an app.
with apple store tomorrow.
3.0= 
 dont u HATE when u go to get some more of ur food/drink only to discover u just had the last of it..man i die a lil inside 
 *scratching head* Did i not say bye??
Sorry....i've been in the mother of all bad moods today..*grovels to Effing* xx
:  I know.
I can maybe fix that though...
 AHHH!!!
lucky duck i miss being there so much 
channel surfing....i don't think there's anything on tv tonight...
boo
ate some food even though her mind is telling her that she's fat already.
THUNDERSTORMS UGGG HATE THEM SO MUCH AND HAIL THE SIZE OF GOLF BALLS AHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!
No snowcone.
Atleast that storm moved in!
I'm Depressed maybe I should pray a little bit harder 
 can you please get me a MP2  redeam code for PS3 please...
i cant play it unless i go to a friends 
It's cool in HK.
BUT meeting and dinner all day and no time to go out shopping!!!!
Device updates are slow  oh well.
 calling now for the contest!
no one is answering!
 Like if someone who didn't like them complained about the smallest thing, that might have done it.
You really have no clue?
Just updated to 3.0 so awsome just miss cydia 
   Great suggestions.
I'm going to sleep.
lol 
 oh yea lol I can't bowl lol  but ima still qo 
 i hate your update b/c im not included  i miss lenoxsex a lottt
 u kno I would have but I have no transportation 
Sorting out clothes is so not fun!
Im so messy...
i barely started and i'm already tired!
major headache and i still have to do hw and study for my test tomorrow 
still no news 
Seriously, why can't i import my hotmail contacts?
Thas where all my peeps are at 
 I missed you today on Twitter!
We'll have to video chat again sometime.
I've been so busy after work 
i'm eating shortcake with no srawberries....its not the same 
 what's going on tomorrow.
e-mail me!
i missed fader again last night 
 why dont you tweet me all the time 
 we live in NC, do u?
selling my bun Cinderella want her 2 have a lovin home like urs.
My son is allergic 2 hay in her litter box 
 hey Ellen, who pulled your photo?
Good Luck tonight!
Cut em Ulduar  La se vai meu salvage...
 I miss Disney 
stressed about regents .
 - the only car they'll let me drive  someone teach me how to drive stick.
Sometimes you just have to give up &quot;trying&quot; to sleep  
looks like New Orleans isn't happening  my bank account will be happy though...
Currently watching modern marvels: ice cream.
I've never wanted ice cream more in my life than right now.
mad tired at work 
I really wish I had my computer so I could get the new iPhone update 
if it's not one thing it's another.
constantly stressing.
 Awh Man  Don't Have My Size :[[[[
math is such a beast!
+ i really don't get why i'm getting progressively worse and worse at it!
 how can i get an autograph from you?
huh.
for some reason, the green overlay isn't working for my avatar.
I should go to bed early cuz my head hurts but i dont wanna!
 I understand, I have my thresh hold too.
I'm getting tired of whole wheat rice, wwpasta and wwtortillas.
I want a potato too 
Pumped to go back in the studio tomorrow!
No singing for me though 
oh shitttttttttttttt it's sinking in that im going to see FOB.
fuck yeah!
(even though im still very sad i missed BND  )
Grrr!
Had to give azul a powpow..
I don't like being the bad person.
 mish you too baby!
The shadowroom is dead tonight  next spot
and my tweetdeck stopped working 
nothing is really inspiring me to write poems or draw 
I got totally lost, I wanna go home now 
Watching TV.
What a boring day 
i wish i had a gallon of ice cream!
iPhone update needs to hurry up and download.
OMFG, I think I'm going to have to erase everything on my hard drive &amp; start over.
I haven't remembered to back it up in a while.
 i hear ya.
i was under the assumption i'd get turn by turn when i bought this thing a year ago.
Why does it take so long to back my Iphone  up?
When I just did it lasted night 
 haha yeah...and plus half of the stuff will end up on like youtube or something..like the videos on the bsb fanclub  BSB
I have grown to be too stupid to read, apparently.
my legs are peeling already  i should sleep before finals....
nah
 Didn't Mariners play today???
I couldn't watch the game  I had to buy groceries...
Just Threw up again,  
 nah I have a legit one.
But no updates around!
I hate the Indian iTunes 
Is sad.
Plans got debunked tonight!
Hope I get to leave soon!
omg!!
every time  i hear  turn right and before the storm i begin to cry 
watching my teams game!
(: and its loosing 
driving home again 
 im at work  well ill be leaving soon...
but not soon enough
Looks like Boone is going to the counter 
I'm so scared of these older guys on my street!
They almost jumped my best friends Grant and Steven!
they were gonna jump us girls!
 i dont rememeber i think it may have been on my phone so i wouldnt have seen it 
mom just went to the hospital.
 nope only msn and aim :/ and aim and my internet do not get along  blasted stolen internet!
In the hotel - heading to bed soon.
Really early morning tomorrow 
Macbook Pro arrives next week!
- Shipping from China is slow 
Client has NO TIME to give me information  I have ten million adjectives at the back of my head.....
is thinking Gina food poisoned her...
and if she didn't...
then Penni is very very not feeling well 
 hahaha i want foood tooo 
 thanks Dan!
This is my second icon, I sold my last one with bike and was bummed 
Gastric pain...
Freakin' twitter stopped working on my itouch whaaaat??
Ugh I don't think me and life will ever be bff's 
 me too 
As we took off out of Logan my heart broke all over again to have to leave that city.
I didn't even do anything but use a bathroom.
Boo.
 Just had a client schedule a meeting tomorrow night, so I won't be able to make it to the event tomorrow night 
Someone better return tweet me so I know I am not tweeting with myself - that would just be sad 
Camryn is under the impression that she will forever sleep in my bed  I have a feeling she's prepared for an all night battle about it!
 i programed in science in matlab, but in js i do not know the bases  even though i dream being a geek one of my next lives 
here goes the 3 segments on pot for the evening!
Sportscenter is boring without hockey or football highlights 
 it's been alright thanks although the weather sucked today 
Youre Not Going to be a Professional Blogger i have mixed opinions 
 comeeee to ny!!
i havent seen you in foreverr  rude!
 Love it!
I have a mega busy month.
ove 100 hrs.
2 DTM night stops...no Gatwick - shame 
my mommy is sick.
to the hospital we go 
 Hi...
if fish is good brain food, I better eat a whale.
Still worn out.
Lmao thats wack!!!
Im at work 
I am, once again, freakin exhausted!
When will this nightmare called work ever end huh?
Oh yeah, when i'm 65, aka DEAD!
to doente 
 Elliot who?
didn't get to see any jonases today 
 - I should probably focus on driving more, instead of takin' pics of myself 
note to self: beware of freezer doors.
big boo boo for me 
listening to jagged edge..
goodbye and feelin some sorta way 
You guys.
I wrote kelly a letter like a week n some ago.
and I dont think shes seen it 
Ugh!
Today sucked 
Record is at the pressing plant, artwork approved ...
now we play the waiting game.
1,000,000 Delinquents coming to bit torrent soon 
missing JC with a passion.
i can't believe I haven't talked to him in so long  i hope he's okay 
 ye i just realized that..
not a big fan of CNN  It's not even news anymore; it's entertainment.
ugh.
mom is hogging the computer and i cant get on TweetDeck 
im so tired, &amp; I have to study alll night 
 Wo heard that one!!!
lol...I bet y'all r acting a fool...I'm kinda sad I'm missing it...
about to give up on the boots 
Bed, school in the morning.
Gym final tomorrow, jogging for 12 minutes ?!
Sweet.
Oh let's not forget the swimming and written part!
Sleepy, tired and not feeling well...
The price of working at least 20 hours a day for 4 consecutive days...
 well duh.
Cause you never wrote me a letter 
BET finally shows a decent movie (the movie responsible for me DJing) and I miss it.
the 2 people I've been talking to on AIM aren't on tonight...
so I guess I really am AIM-lessly wandering about the internet 
 Have u bloghed about the sexy letters yet?
I cant reach dynamicshock...
 how is it still not in florida?!
Wishes I had somene to talk to 
miss my girls!
but they don't love me n e more 
 i'm soooo yealous!!
I wish they had a spot like that up here in n.scottsdale so I can run to for lunch/dinner esuper sad 
 I'm sorry  Put LVTT in, sit back, and relax.
ALways helps me!
 that movie made me cryyy !!!!
 where are you?
i miss you 
did not get to actually eat any lasagna because it wasn't ready before she had to leave to go to institute.
3.0 is downloaded.
Install time but I want to wait for the  Jailbreak..
Damn one person said it was GREAT and the other said it was stupid 
home, doing nothing, just yeald at by my son again 
So I'm going to try to sleep ...I wish the birds were too 
spent 5 mins w/the boo the 4hrs I been home but yet he missed me  &amp; my welcome home gift?
Stinky Feet LoL  *BeAUTIFUL aka Mat3rial GUL*
  HEY!!!
Just no internet   Using my moms old phone (need I say more, LOL!!!)
i'm thinking i'll need a wig if i go to pride...gawd..
it'll be so hot with a wig on 
san fransico was legend yosemite was alright coz there was no fone signal.
&lt;--- sad face......
Lost all my contacts on my iPhone due to restore please MSG me with ur number or text 
Sleep debt is killin' me!!!
Sleeping at 9:45pm last night till 8:15am this morning still doesn't help.
Wow *stress* I can't get my iPhone to backup  I tried to restore it and now am trying to get my apps back on.
OMG Blizz Auth App.
 i wanna hear it.
Why dont you send me music anymore?
feels like shit sent MIL out Fri to mail stuff it was forgotten sorry  and my friend kassi ill mail when that lady gets back 
i miss my baby vuey 
 myfirstdate turned out to be a girl just trying to make her ex jealous.
Crushing 9th grade moment 
 I won't be  I started last year with a group and am moving up with them every year.
Do you know who your daughters leader is?
 that's the worst thing to forget 
 No Gokey news  But we had a pic earlier
Fuck the rain.
It has taken away a whole month of summer evenings.
 ohh thats cool im chillin with  she leave to go to NC tomoro for vaca..PossiblY staying dwn there 
im officially dying inside.
i miss you.
and i can't live without you all.
never leave me,ever&lt;3
I want to be with the one I know 
 a little.
no, actually I'm really good but it's that I get distracted alot.
 pat will be there  i miss my bb pat&lt;3
My grandmother's sister passed away on June 12.
care the only thing that matter for her was being a stupid girl that doesn't care anything just her stupid hair and how she looks 
 i shouldn't have waited to update my phone.
now i must wait til tomorrow for your magic admin powers to upgrade my itunes 
 oh i miss you 
Damn iPhone crashed during upgrade to 3.0.
Now have to restore to factory setting and then upgrade to 3.0.
Gonna lose all my music 
Saying goodbye to Caffiend.
In about 24 hours it'll be gone.
.
I do have 3G.
BT symbol is on.
Still no workie.
I am such a sook when tired and cranky.
 i live like 3 blocks down from where that ishh was!
&amp; i had went 2 go get my eyebrows done cus idk it was serious lol
seized seat post is coming off soon.-with a hacksaw.
too bad since all i need is a 1 inch drop 
headache, upset stomach, fever, cough, suffy nose = two sick kids  
Goingggg crazyyyy..........I hate this feeling 
Learn Respect for all living creatures in our beautiful nature on earth!
Seriously!!!
This is so cruel 
 You didn't read my message i guess    
boo for still being at work 
is now missin my fireman.
 TY So glad you liked it.
I ate it tonight been awhile.
I have a tendency to waste bean sprouts it's  I will make it more often.
   well..
i dont like you either and your DOESN'T look pretty and is NOT soft.
kidding  &lt;3
im watching the news and three tornadoes touched down in MN like an hour ago   i hate dangerous weather  ***Zachdj***
 Yes 
 You know a lil lady jus keepin it pushin.
That's sad about Frankies manhood.
Just sad  I'm sad FOR him.
 me too!
it's so catchy!
can't wait for her new album.
i wish she had a show here.
i'm missing my fiance  i just despise when he goes for offshore,
 They do TWiT Live either right before or during Method 1 Live 
 Pic isn't working.
Blogger meet-up and I'm not there?
How is this possible?
Going to the Roosevelt with Tons of Fun and Ja Rizzle tonight.
Neden is making me be social 
My baby is getting hailed on 
I would rather much be at Java Jazz getting fucked up to carnifex &amp; impending doom.
another show ive missed.
-_-
 LOL!!
I doubt you needed the wor as badly as I did :/ I got it in all my life!
I'm paying the price now 
 Kitty had glomerulonephritis and was in chronic renal failure.
 Aww..
I wanna talk to you tho.
;]
 doesn't know what to get fir a tattoo
is just now getting home from a 12 hr.
work day....f'n exhausted...
The Boy In the Flannel Pajamas nicerfilmtitles  haha 
 hmm...
with 3.0 software you can't do that anymore, just says &quot;installed&quot;  (and not updated?)
 thaas gross ..
I wish i was working  haha
no more whisky 
Took them contacts out.
My eyes were getting dry.
but the only place that i can get both of those all night long is at the 24 hour laundromat 
 awh omg chris!!!
*hug* i would totally hang out with you
feeling a bit better..
scared for tomorrow 
Ate 1/2 a pizza.
It was delicious, but it was 1170 calories!!!
I am 368 calories OVER today.
It's okay, I was 340 under yesterday.
I can't believe Jereme Rogers is retiring.
How do you retire from skateboarding??
 
ghost hunters with some wierd dolls 
today was not my day  ..
time 2wine down w.a nice loong bubble bath/music/ &amp; a fone call 2my love
Draggin' my butt to the gym for the first time in forever...
This is goi f to totally suck.
Got sweats on, under a thick ass blanket, with the heater on...Freezing  I'm so miserable right now
Really disappointed with the staff attitude at xcaret makes you not want to go back 
I miss her too  ......but I DOOOO know one thing....ONE OF THOSE &quot;KmoDeletedHerTwitterAccountBecause&quot; GOTTA BE TOTD, LOL!!!
Im sorry ma!
I wish I was invited to a mortal kombat party 
Supports Australian designers &amp; ends up w a tear in his leather.
Life is ruined!!!
Training time.
I have never missed my bed so much 
just found out about the US HIV travel and immigration ban!
 No iPhone for me to update...
SIGHHHH
 Aw  I sorreh.
Here, have some fairy bread and some lamingtons as payback 
: my legs hurt so bad!
beautiful night warm but the flies are bad 
got my dress for graduation yesterday.
it's cute.
I don't wanna leave high school.
last day = tomorrow 
Gah, I ran out of my v the other day and now My levels are all out of wack.
I can really feel it now.
A total depressive mess.
Le sigh...
Photo shoot RAINED OUT    .
.
.
.
Downside to OS 3.0???
No more jailbroken iPhone  
Battery is dying 
No MMS yet?
my puppy is sick  please pray for him
the person of who i'm in love doesn't know that I exist!!
My shoulders are soooo tight 
Bumbed.
Just made an unbelievabley notorious scratch to my moms car.
I quit driving as of today.
i'm sick of being taken for granted and treated like crap 
Not getting out of my bed until things are back to normal..
 i know!
all so stressful.
oh &amp; DONT leave your retainers on the table because they will get lost.
D: like mine right now.
my internet is still dwn so still cant sent direct msgs 
why are people in crappy moods today 
 For me, no tech = busy = stay later = bitter burnt-out 'bug!
 r u not coming out with us on thurs babe?????
ill die if u dnt 
 your casa gets boring after a while  duuude i wanna watch up i havent even seen it
Tonight we didn't deserve to be in the world cup in south Africa 2010 
I'm in soo much pain, i love taking hard falls 
Everyone is always out on Friday nights!
I have not been home since 630 this morning..
Longest day ever, I just want my bed!
 haha.
dont worry.
ive been thinking bout him nonstop and i even cried a bit.
2 more tacos bitch, im addicted to food 
I've 13 cats,2 dogs,a turtle,a hamster,a chicken,a fish,a rabbit,I'd crayfish &amp; a snake 2 but the crayfish died &amp; the snake is in IBAMA 
its not alowed to rain!!!!!
I just washed my car earlier  grrrrrrrrrr!!!
  Pack some up and save them for Boston, and I will get you as many followers as you need.
don't want to get out of bed.
weather is so gloomy.
i wet to hyper and excited to down and sad 
  Did you least have fun?
 no  it was the football player
 Thanks - I tried to sign up but they are full and are not accepting new users.
 Hey Tara!!!
How R U today?
Do u got your computer back???
I didn't DM you yesterday cause we didn't have fresh news 
 
I Hate that commercial where the guy gives one girl a toy pony and the other one a real pony.
I hope those kids are actors!
  nice.
u made me smile wide; lips chapped now cut - last pic..
and this one is for you, umber
 oh goodness sooo I'm guessin izzy decides not to get off the elevator?
Poor George 
 Lauren is feeling very lonely.
She wants to be home.
Is so sad to hear that some people think pets are expendable 
 Aw...ty.
I've been missing everyone, too!
I've been swamped, and when I finally break free, everyone's asleep.
Today was the last day of school!
How freeking sad  now exams, then summer time !!
I'm saaad.
Haven't seen  in two weeks!!!
 Ha!
I'll make you buy a copy for every person you lend my book to!
...
i need to let things go easierly  ...
.
+ ive been waitin for an email for a week now, still havent gotton it..
i guess i wont 
 Awww  lol but i don't blame you chocolate milk is the bomb
 That's so good of you Kins!
Unfortunately, in the words of Darcy, &quot;My good opinion once lost, is lost forever.&quot; 
Gym two times a day for four days now yay!
I think second session today was slacker status though 
 what interview?
little liew i am so bored wanna go home dont wanna stay in school 
Slept bad, feel tired.
Hate exams.
Hate hate hate!!
stomach is a bit upset too.
Wish me luck.
Don't want to screw up my last exam.
i wish i was tired, i wanna sleep 
 Also, I cannot direct message you back.
My apologies for the  
3.43am...still up studying  waking up at 7am 
Smoke a cig.
Shower.
Bed.
Work tomorrow 8:30-1.
Then my little baby turns 2 on Saturday.
He won't be a baby anymore 
 lolz.
nice.
right now i have a samsung gravity...
I can go on yahoo and other stuff but not twitter 
Chillen....last nite in the burgh 
 I think ALlLof my boys have forgotten about their fav babelaert today!
Augh!
iPod Touch freezing up trying to apply new update  tech
 oh man.....that does suck!
 Tried to find your article on the new site, but can't.
I'd investigate, but I wanna go home.
  apparently the match just started  
can't wait for the new episode of True Blood.
I'm hooked     =D
Also, can't get the same BT headphones to pair with my iPod.
Trying os3.0 on iPod touch....Bluetooth won't connect to camera  otherwise good!
 i have met u a few times now&amp; i can't even put a sentence 2gether!
i get very flustered!
and then throw up!
i know gross
weeeeeehehehe got a tweet from Chattyman!
but not from Alan Carr himself 
 whywhywhy?!
im sorry.
 please don't !!
 sorry to hear that.
i've had lots of tests for my extreme fatigue (for about 2yrs now) and my doc has no idea what is wrong.
is feeling sad for amanda.
she got bradie instead of shaun.
its interesting to listen to other peoples first dates at Maiko in Austin.
She had an awful experience with Craigslist.
He lost his BB 
 I can't reach youuu 
 - I'm in Love LALA why can't you be in the East Coast 
My fingers have blisters all over them 
 ouch 
I am a sad panda.
They have totally changed the floor plan and I'm pretty much lost right now.
 I haven't gotten a shout out  BTW, &quot;Hey Baby&quot; is THE bomb!
 i just screwed up and i am sorry 
  What happened?
I keep reaching for the remote so I can FF, but I can't 
No fair, I used to work at Restaurant Row too!
only last year i was with bex and ashley and ferrell  almost 8 more days till i see you guys
i went to hyper and excited to down and sad 
so i'm playing at the Loft tonight 9pm..
with Abbey Skye!
you should come!
oh how i wish i had a kombi 
thinking of things to make so I can eat.
I want more maccas 
  thats lame, you should punch the whale next time he shows his stupid face
yay for the xbox live marketplace being down!
No new maps for me tonight!
FAIL Microsoft!!!!
totally didn't get the job at delias.
why would they put a incoming junior and a senior in college interviewd together?!
why.
why.
why.
is working the whole weekend 
  no icecream today it was too cold  im hating this rain ohman, the ground is soggy enough
Homework 
Im so bored.....wish i could go over to get frozen yogurt today, but there's no way in HELL i could do that and stay under 400 calories.
 lies?
yea ill get on in a few, gonna sign of twitter soonish to try &amp; get productive
Ok my iphone got murdered...
trying to restore its previous healty state!
hey baby??
i dont know what I feel about u, i fell like a confusion and emotion and furious, just i dont what i feel 
Damn just remembered how chill attack attack!
w/   was.
I'm very sad tonight goodnight everyone 
aww man skewl iz out ii cnt believe it it went bii so freakin fast man imma mizz every1 especially elle reisha nd coco 
Freaking pict wont upload  tomorrow xxx dreams.
:  the fucking llamas were hiding at the zoo  Because they were doin' it!
I am pissed off!
There's no hot sauce!
te falar, que eu to com do do theo fuma1becker    FREETHEOBECKER
Wtf..
Is going on every one's going to bed all early...
and  went to bed...
I'm alone 
heading home from the country ..in the rain..
if only  was there..
miss you too!
I hate waking up after having consecutive nightmares and having no idea where I'm at.
Awww someone just fell  and some lie is secretly smelling his armpits !
Have to get up in the morning and do a 6 mile tempo run before work.
I hate getting up early 
 search rocks 
 yeah.
I was suppose to get there 7:30 but I woke up 7:35.
I just changed me clothes and left.
My head hurts 
Falling asleep fast.
Headache 
Second time on two weeks my new Dell Studio XPS Blue screened due to video drives  trying the new ATI drivers now
is thinking its a little retarded that Gary is working almost 12 hours today 
 I go to a different gym.
I go to Provena Health instead of X-Sport.
 sorry  I have exhausted my resources (BookPeople nerds) No luck.
If you find out, let me know!
Damn my throat hurts again!!
Can't swallow PAUSE!!
Ugh 
 I can't even look online to find recipes   my blackberry is my only connection to the world!
 u didn't reply bk to me 2hrs ago.
I don't appreciate the ignorance smh 
 Hey, saw you were watching the Indians game before, I love Grady Sizemore...too bad he is hurt 
 i just screwed up and I am so sorry 
 I Kno Right....I Was KInda Mad About That Too 
i burnt my finger almost 2 hours ago and it's stll killing me!
 Already bought on in November.
Sorry.
Everyone voted that this nail polish was barfy.
I liked it.
 Dont know.
He said we'll prob not hear anything knew until Sept when the judges have to get on the road again...
&quot;When a woman is fed up...
Aint a damn thing u can do about it!
Now that I've seen ur true colors I can't help but think ur a lil dull 
 AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA MORRI kevin i love you.
come back to brazil PLEASE 
was On A Boat yesterday but still no sign of T-Pain 
For some reason i'm not getting codykinz tweets!
doing laundry...mom n dad gonna arrive today...too bad sis couldnt come 
last day of school tomorrow!
i don't know what to think...
i think i'm kinda..
sad 
Going to bed with ice on my ankel.
It hurts 
 OMG YES!
I'm  I didnt take a pic of their mural on Highland &amp; u know their teacher was a rip of the BoogieMan fm RGhostbusters
has a major headache...
Another day another head ache  ....
all else is well, how is everyone.
Today was amazing,work was good,and I had fun at Tj's.
I'm still wishing I could go to that Metro Station Concert though.
 still trying to download it....
kept timing out 
Couldn't stay at my cousins so my moms advice to me...take an ambien...
about ready to finally move out.
Never screamed so loud in my ...
I'm so tired..
took 4 hrs to finish a stupid powerpoint presentation 
I was gunna go grocery shopping, but now my stomach hurtss.
 not the biz boo 
Just realized..
Victoria starts band the 7th, so if she's grounded, I have nothing to do  the rest of June &amp; the month of July.
Hmph.
just got back from Skyland...
My babe lost  but we enjoyed the walk home.
Im going GREEN twitter...
follow that!!!
Facebook me!
seeing everyones Honduras pics makes me miss it SO much 
waiting for taylor swift to follow me so i could message her...wish she would but im sure she wont  i want to talk to her soooooo bad
Having breakfast @ warung italia.
Waterbom today!
Prepare ur sunblock peeps, u're gonna need that for sure.
Oh how I miss Insan so much 
 I am lost.
Please help me find a good home.
I feel like I can't do anything right and that I suck in everything!
GAH!
Really broad without me besty friend with me...
IMISSYOU!!!
-Amb
is twitter broke?
I can't follow anyone back 
 and it was even an interesting and informative story for people of any party affiliation  sorry you lost some people!
i lost my ipod and my phone!!
fml 
im sad and lonely.
just found out hubby wont be home until next weekend 
IT HAS TAKEN LIKE 3 FREAKING HOURS FOR MY OS 3 TO INSTALL ON MY PHONE!
DID ANYONE ELSE HAVE THIS PROBLEM?!
Everyone please send your positive energy and well wishes to  for his Nana.
She's back in the hospital 
I haven't been on here  oops
Today is the Hardest I've worked in months, possibly years.
Sad 
Its sooo tragic!
The blazers I want they don't have in my size  guess I'll check another pair.
had my hands full w my lil man, had to get his 6 month shots today!
didnt enjoy it very much.
 true true.
i am having no luck converting m4p's to mps's the co.
I bought softwre from wont answer me  no Spac n2 for me
There's fluff coming out of my favorite pillow!
Tonight sucks balls.
And I'm fucking starving!
Aww graduations always make me sad 
 Awww I'm sorry.
I didn't think anyone watched it besides me.
Lol.
:/
twitpic doesn't work from my phone  and i still can't find my nintendo DS 
Just back from shopping.
I hate shopping 
I just love how i get to sit at the mall for hours...even when i'm not working!
what a lame ass
Wow...I spelt cigarettes wrong.
Christ I've always thought it was 2 g's.
My spelling skills are usually decent.
Back from vacation.
Airline lost one of our carseats.
iphone 3.0 updates ...
but do not get excited 
 why are u so mean!
u didnt call u fat it sounded like u said that!
gosh!
i love you and ur NOT fat ur beautiful!
 I'm so sorry, hon.
My condolences 
tired but can't sleep.
watching joe sprawled out is not helping.
xoxo.
Maintenance extended  Hang on peeps!
twittaaaa!
i miss you when i don't tweet for a while.
at  house.
the concert was canceled 
An effective way of doing forex trading Check out ^^Moving out and leaving Wallace 
Is going 2 Florida 2marrow!!
I'm mess talking 2 my BFF!!
I'm here and things seem fine.
I think I was duped 
 OH I REMEMBER yeah but I fell asleep!
I didn't INTEND to not come see you!
Let's hang out sometime next week?
 sorry you weren't feeling well 
Its going to be a long night twitter world.
Just you and me!
Wow!
How sad?
Trip to Somerset?
 Poor thing.Stuff there for 4 hours.
Probably thought his life was over.
What a great ending, though!
 We can be sad together babe.
No Texas for me either 
i feel like i'm kinda missing out on summer seeing as how i always seem to be working, while my friends lay around and do whatever...
What's the point of this thing (twitter) I don't even know anybody here, haha!!
did anyone else update their iPhone today &amp; have it crash??
mine is toast....i will try to take it to  tomorrow &amp; pray they fix it 
just realized that i don't have class til 6 tomorrow, but still has to go to school early to study and do a research paper 
It would be nice to get to bed before 11:00 when I got get up at 4:30, lucky me!
I'm not gonna be able to see my cousins tomorrow  This sucks...
About to take off bye vegas, also sitting by my self 
 meeeh...
lol ahora entendi.
i have a bad tendency of reading things too quick.
PS: necesito un juego nuevo 
 you sir are harder and harder to get a hold of 
 hahaahahahaha awwwwwwwh that is so mean 
 you lie!
She didn't solve it!
And you people suck!
Why wasn't I invited!
lol Jk
I feel like I'm living in a Charlie Kaufman film 
Gleeful that MMS is included in the new iPhone update.
Irritated that AT&amp;T hasn't activated it yet.
Angry that it won't work on my phone.
 so, are you saying that would be bad?
JK, i hope you have the best time!
I want all the details.
Twitter is addictive...lol been Tweting just about all day, time to get back to the real world 
 :S Ouchies...
very expensive..
mum went through it all and then ended up losing it anyway!
 I have the same problem 
....
mitchel musso has a girlfriend.
Night everyone!
There switching servers so dont blame them.
But I miss yours and Vicky's websites a lot.
wishes that I'd put up with my crummy old Nokia for another few months as the iPhone 3G S is available on 3 in July 
Can't Wait To Come Back To Cleveland To See My Friends Tomorrow But Really Don't Feel Like Driving 425 MILES!!!
just double-booked myself yet again.
Terrible habit.
So much for Google Calendar being my new brain.
ugh, i feel terrible about tonight.
 serious????
it kept ringing!
you were probably on another line.
Oh well.
It continued ringing even as the winner played.
feels like she got hit by a truck 
 oh how I wish you were right 
This is so pointless to be at work right now!
Its so slow...I could be doing a million other things!
Gnight ppl early to bed for me quick long day  well bak to work morrow um...
Ya bed it'll be nice
 I hate being in the plane itself.
Feels like there's no air in there.
Slightly claustrophobic 
skipped a biz seminar today due to being kept awake all night with a cough.
I'm not &quot;sick&quot; but this at-night-only coughing needs to STOP!
I hate my car.
i need to go print my pics soon!!!
also need to do something for my mum before she leaves  booo
 artificial grass from China?
ABC couldn't buy Amercian?
Got mistaken for a high schooler..
again.
I need a makeover  Hey, I know!
TLC should do a new show: Ten Years Older.
wishes I lived in Nashville 
 i was up until 4.30 doing an assignment.
now have to do more all today and tonight 
 I'm looking forward to the movie too, but that &quot;Cera&quot; twitter isn't really the actor: - sorry 
  Hope you feel better!
putting some lotion on my burn 
I have to poop!
Ha i wish it was because of jimmy's but its not  i want some.
Ugh.
And kady's getting younger
 Fantastic, now I want chocolate milk.
And there's no Nesquik in the house.
Waiting for nea to wake up  im bored.
 no I'm in Maryland.
but that woulda been an idea!
 I wanna know who doesnt!
Ps your twit pics aren't showing up 
my head is killing me.
feel like dying.
might throw up.
 am i invited to any of this.
Lol.
I'm bored at home.
With abby.
 I wanna kno also miss...
iPhones, 3.0 OS released today, I am waiting for the unlocked jailbreak version.
I am buying iPhones, 16 gig, white ones only.
 grace u suck!
U know I know we know....
 No.
I have 4* so hopefully I'll have good seats.
I may see you in line.
I'm not sure how early I can get there.
That was from Paxton.....
Haha.
So sad to not see them for 3 days after tomorrow 
Vacation nears its end..
  i miss you mav 
is crying...
Im not ready 4 this big change.
Its scary...
so tired i can't even read  !
wishing i were in Chicago right now watching Ellen!
tummy ache 
needs to stop being distracted and study for tomorrow's paper 
My throat feels like its been grated 
 Am nevertheless ashamed.
Would've liked to see her if I'd known in advance.
3.0 update not worth it in my opinion 
gotta take my 4mth old daughter 2 get shots 2morro....poor baby 
I miss hm  I hate being alone gosh darnit!
Trashy whores are annoying!
 Mine are always asking me where they &quot;went wrong&quot;.
They went wrong when they decided to teach me to hate.
im not sure 
piece of advice...don't go to the beauty shop w/ your computer when your getting a hair cut, I have strands of hair all in the keyboard 
hasn't gotten his OT pay stub yet.
I hope I get it this week.
didn't get her first choice for RAG day.
its like 96 degress but in my body i feel like its 20..
fml.
this damn fever just wont kick 
i'm nippy!
i'm that cold  my house is always cold ..
Today was one of those days when I wanted to pull my hair out of frustration, argh!
Also, update made me lose all my contacts...
i am lurking fotolog, and found a lot of beautiful girls that seems fun to draw..BUT I DON'T KNOW THEM LOL 
Lol I miss everyone!
These next 5 days are definatly going to be tough 
 I am not ronin7 here because some poser already stole my screen name  this is one of my many others
 Haha I'm dying toooo 
My boy Shane didn't do so hot tonight on SYTYCD  hope they bring him back
 all my unread books are stored in my laptop these days 
Lonesome.
 the new cities is one of my favorites band ever and i cant go to the virgin festival 
 not a damn thing  Im bored as hell!!!
U?
 that could be part of the problem.
But i get earaches from just listening to my ipod 
 nursing my back 
Just stopped on the side of the road so my mom could pee.
Ahaha she deleted it after i chased her into the street to get my phone back.
 i went to BR for the sole purpose of getting your new song, but they didn't have anymore cards!
so heartbroken!
I'm considering to drop Job Well Done,its story makes me frustated..I watch it because of Chae Rim &amp; the little girl, now I want to stop 
 hahaha  wow some friend you are!
By bf do you mean boyfriend?
I dont have juan, you whoree!
Freaaaak you!
What are you doingg
is it the weekend yet ?
 Whats going on with the hacking?!
We better not lose because of this!!!
gettin mad pissed that cici keeps login off aim 
So we're here at BJ's waitin for a table.
I'm hungry haha
 aww!!
LMAO i know how you feel  it's like..
WE MADE YOU A TREEHOUSE WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT?!
LMAO
my computer has a virus  have to use my phone now...soooo tired
iPhone 3.0 loaded.
Still no MMS.
Still no ability to set different alert tones based on the txt msg sender.
feels like crying from this horrible mouthful of pain  This is so not going to be a fun night...
I wish I had a friend that lived walking distance from me  -&gt;-&gt;i&lt;3AaRoN--&gt;
Husbands on his way home I already made supper he wanted me to make some tea.
I'm not very hungry  but I know he won't eat without me!
wish i had someone to cuddle wiff 
Kinda blown I woke up from my nap wit a missed text from  and and an  from ...hit them back and the plolly sleep 
 hmmm, near as I can tell you added an infinite loop or something cool like that.
Not working for me at all 
  am I still invited.
  Is Upset With Me Lol
 on another note we still havent even touched &quot;Taken&quot; I feel bad-remind me 2 give that back 2 u guys!
I don't 4c us watching it 
 Im not even half done with yours.
That's how awesome it's going to be!!
 i want a new phone too....
sprint needs some new phones!
i can't get the palm pre yet 
  I like free I'll do free
I'm giving up on moisturizing my pale ass skin until its tan again.
What happened to my beautiful tan!!!!
Fuck that.
Im over today.
GOOD MORNING PPL!
out to meet the cool ones later!
and i'm still damn sad that esther cant go......
Just ate some pancheros..now I feel sick 
relaxing after taking care of my sick little one today 
 Ugh - I've been meaning to do this too, but maybe I'll wait and hear if you've resolved the issue before going ahead.
I miss my puppy.
On our balcony overlooking the beach...only 3 more nights of this!
hanging out with friends right now.
i wish i had a boyfriend 
RIP haley...
  I need something to do!
Badly, before i drive myself crazy!!!
  Grr...I miss Red Door!
Kate Higgins' - My Universe!!!
I'd put on mine but I'm scared  ha good song tho
theyre calling for rain this weekend.
no !
i want to go to the beach  but hopefully theyre wrong..
they usually are..
cross your fingers
still can't find the pod.
aural skillz test tomorrow.
is so not ready for tomorrow  [g]
 is that from a movie?
I thought I was original.
 My other brother's sick...
 jealous.
 no!
your sense of humor is the best
looks like my move to Texas will involve some major paperwork to keep my company legit.
This is not my favorite part of owning a business 
So i definitely just watched the last 1/3 of Twilight, then the middle 1/3, then...the first 1/3...whatthefuck 
 omg I bet he is the nicest thing ever.
&lt;3 oh no!
what kind of surgery?
Really haven't been feeling well now I feel super sick   bed.
English exam in the morning
the big ugly spider with what looked like an egg sack just escaped into the creepy corners of my room 
 not sure if it's her - not sure if i still have the card 
stupid maxissucks...
still no coverage at my workplace..
goddamit!
 I'm sort of the opposite.
I really miss Obsidian.
Ironing done.
No  though.
Better luck tomorrow!
Reading for a bit, then heading to bed.
Late train tonight  There better not be any bubble invaders.
is not looking fwd to the next 2 weeks at work with no cindy!
work is gonna suck tomorrow 
It's a sad picture.
The final blow hits ya.
Somebody else gets what you wanted again.
 I know!
But I don't get off til 7 on Monday and Thursday 
missed &quot;So you think you dance&quot; tonight  ..
gotta watch it online now!
Someone should call and talk me to sleep.
Nyquil, jonathan, and lea aren't working for me right now 
 - Then I told him to suck my dick but he left running !!!
Ella just made me ball my eyes out.
She misses her daddy.
exams tmw  science and religion so worried
Gonna go....do something.
I dunno.
Life is boring, yo.
have you ever fall in love with someone that you know that it's impossible??
i mean that you know that you are never going to meet him?
FYI  it's your a neck up nigga....lmao!
Not waist up stupid!!!
And u didn't take mi to coldstone w/u(in my pouting voice) 
 how was the radio show?
I didn't get a chance to listen 
watching videos and feeling lonely 
 I should!!
But I haz none available  tomorrow I'll make some lipton soup!
The hottest love has the coldest end 
 he wasn't terrible...this is bad 
 you didn't go today!
Excited to see the airborne toxic event tonight but not excited about the pile of unfinished bids and paperwork I left at home  
UGH we neeeeeed Seimone to come back...pray its not serious 
i cant play my sim3!
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
anybody has the chinese homework the answer ?
I need copy 
 Regular hiphop.
I dislocated my hip years ago &amp; I'm feeling the effects again 
 oh that's so sad  give her some days and she'll run back in ur arms haha don't be sadddddd !
(:
still haven't slept  insomnia grrrr
Jenas going crazy.
Nobody sane names their  crutches!
 not a damn thing  A bitch is bored!!!
What u doin?
Was going to stay here and rinse hair but I think I'll drive home and do it, then redownload 3.0..Stupid iTunes!
99% and it disappeared?!
 omg jason's dance was bad??
i only started watching at 9, i missed the first 4 dances 
Margarita wednesdays out does my lifetime workout @ the gym.
Looks like Find My Phone does not use the skyhook WIFI DB for location   iphone30
The Twelves don't have a Wikipedia page.
I'll never have a full list 
Rescued a baby jack rabbit, nursed it back to health, now taking it to a conservation site  I'm gonna miss you Shakespeare
is sooo tired and wants to go to bed but the roomie wont be off work til 1am and i have her keys 
Damn nevermind, i have to work at 11am  im going to call it a night early
 First of all.
That quote deserves a sad face.
Second of all.
HELLOOOO.
I haven't talked to you in what, 527846234 years?
Just dropped Jud off at his dad's for summer visitation.
Makes me sad!!
Installed the os 3.0 and now all of my apps that I put on my folders got erased.
And my themes got erased too 
The only reason Jon of J&amp;K+8 is being accused of cheating is celeb mags needed to bank on the show's audience.
Poor family 
 NO!!!!
u r kidding right??
i went back to kuching on the 29...
huhu I want my Cradlesong!!
No sour cream.
union was just ok  , foam was it worth it ?
lol
My sister is hitting me with a drumstick, I swear I get abused by her everday &amp; she's older!
 I don't know  As far as I know he is still unconsious 
 'ello daniel!
going to nyc in august and thot it'd be sweet to see equus but didn't realize it ended in spring.
boo 
Been packing all night!
time for bed now cause im shattered!
A long day of moving out awaits!
Shame i'm moving back to Dumpdee!
fb
 Noooooo!!!
Not the SIDECAR teams 
I miss my   this beautiful sun is going down.
It's cold over here
 Am sorry, I just can't find it THAT funny, nice movie, but not as funny as everyone thinks it is, what am I missing ?
 Took a terrible med-school exam, spilled red juice all over my desk/walls/ceiling, been unproductive all day 
Why no ice cream?
It will just cause drama between me &amp; my husband which laws wld luv 2 c 
We're running so late tonight 
i think i have a cold 
this sucks.
AND THEN, some of my other friends are taking off to europe next week 
 nooo blair, your way too pretty already and so many people would kill for your hair 
having a meeting with the couch.
night starts here.
left my book at work 
Is in his own bed 2nite!
i already miss my man.
3days and 2nites at my bfs house.
We had a great time.
U make me the happiest ever.
&lt;3 u
 thanks didn't know  how else can I get high speed internet?
Wow this is not fun sittin in the basement waiting for the tornado to pass   Nick
 i was listening to a new track off his upcoming album...
not good 
I miss my owner.
 its actually ridiculously hard to find them in the stores in CA also!
I had to buy mine online 
 Death as in I almost died a young, but VERY happy 16 year old girl.
Mia is doing group tmrw...sad I'm missing it 
most monotonous song in the world = &quot;turn my swag on&quot;.
somehow found its way into my itunes library 
&amp; the rain has come.
no bike riding or photoshooting on the M5 tonight with  
 hey there...
typos in your posts 2  so she may not be seeing..
&amp;when you get her find out why she blocked me 
 thanks amy!!
im sad tha i cannot see your program as many times i wanted..
I have E online..but its not the same thing 
 no!
I'm leaving out of town  but I believe I'm going to with Jessica shopping next Sat.
for it!
feeling super bummed.
it's lonely out here in the woods.
i miss my city.
OMG its almost 5am and im still working on my paper.
just realized that i hadnt really written anything in the last 2hours  im doomed
What a bad day.
So much bullshit i swear...
Could this day get any worse?
I hope not 
iPhone officially reserved.
I'm sad to see my 2g go 
Yes, another ortho visit leading to another specialist next Friday 
off to bed, work tomorrow 
 I would but I am going to a bar crawl  is hosting.
Sorry champ, you'll have to wreck people's faces on your own.
My laptop spazzed out 
up at stupid hour to book some 9 travelodge rooms 
I wnt cheese d0odles ..
The lil crunchy ones 
damn exams...
 But that's what makes them SCARY!
 awwh, a tornado!?
that's scaryy, i think we're in a watch or something i don't really rememberr!
 it's depressing and awkward reading 
What a great day..slept in..hung out downtown..went to mortons for dinner.
Too bad it's coming to an end..back to work tomorrow 
Missing college days...
I would be at an open bar right now instead of working 
so lonley  desperatly needs someone to spend the night
trying to appreciate all that I have and all that I dont...there is a reason for this!
Financial life GREAT Personal life SUCKY 
Damn, want to book flight ticket to Bali and pay by cash, but only credit card seems to work 
Laying around and doing nothing is always fun.
However, doing it with a headache is a little less fun 
 Wish I was closer   Unless they pay the photographers too!
okay tweople, i need some sleep.
such a long and strange day 
Oh give up.
 yep and i got my computer back.
life is good except 4 no full service 
 n still see the patients..and hear the screams.
Sorry!!...that REALLY brought back memories  xxx
my punky died   the surgery was too much
Heyy   tweet mee !
, let me know if you read my messages , I'm fetting crazy!
YOU ROCK!
Off to bed early...stupid long last day at work.
Tomorrow is going to suck greatly...
wants chocolate.
OMG it is so hot in this house 
  I had it too good for far too long.
Tuckin' in was a 5 minute process.
No longer!
Now it's a battle 
I need huggles.
No more new mexico.
Anybody know of a great shampoo to remove dye???
it stained my carpet 
 u better I feel bad we don't talk that much on twitter.
Chad's birthday ppl are missing 
Is your Gmail Notifier working?
Been getting Bad Data; 1 error since last nite 
 no, I'm leaving out of town tomorrow  but I believe I'm going shopping with Jessica next Sat.
for it!
 i'm sorry you had a bad day.
Apple &amp; UPS drop ball on iphone deliveries.
Holding goods that are paid for after posting earlier delivery dates.
Very poor customer svc 
Early to bed, early to rise- taking my son to airport tomorrow- He's going to Boston-I'm gonna miss him 
 thats just fine cuz i kept it lol the kittens left 2day 
Having a minor freakout..
its so sad to realize all the stuff you do during the day that you can't when you're sick  bored and lonely with no one to talk to
 
Aww damn, really good little laptop only $620 delivered.
Can't justify it to myself- have perfectly good laptop already.
don't want to go to ocean park tomorrow, it's going to be too frikking hot to have fun 
a looonnggg day!
time for sleep!
work in the am 
 couldn't play the attachment 
just got 3.0 for the iPhone.
I like the improvements but it makes me pine for the new hardware too.
No upgrade for me until Dec.
 I miss you!!!
 Yeah, I miss Padma.
 hah!
That's wicked!
Looks like the real thing..
Gotta find a Lex IS-250 though!
 my balloon animal just popped
i was this close to getting a puppy 
 Oh no!
I'm so sorry  I hope the damage isn't too bad.
What code coverage tool to use for Spring and Dependency Injection ?
Cobertura says my code coverage is 0 
Abuela en el hospital, officialy worried 
 Pity Flaxmere doesn't have 2100MZH 3G  anyways follow me if you read me cause i can see what your saying 
Especially with  driving..always fucking speeding..killing the damn gas!!!..ugh frustrated bc I'm so fucking tired!!
At the class,doing absolutely rubbissshhhhhhhhh 
line at Zabelli is way 2 long &amp; raining so I don't want 2 walk 2 wentworth.
Giving up &amp; having Atkins morning shine and apple 4 lunch 
 I forgot to order the chicken joy  FAIL!
, haha did you just do a boink and bounce on some poor person?
 I really really don't think I could last 'a few months'  sucks.
but i gots to leave or im going to end up harming myself haha
i made a haul vid 5 times but nothing work out  i will try again tomorrow.
Its pouring  it rained all week!!
Hopefully it doesn't over the weekend!
Esp.
in new york!!
just got back from Monette.
I miss it now.
Dunno what I'm gonna do now.
Heyy  tweet mee !
, let me know if you read my messages , I'm getting crazy!
YOU ROCK!
 I'm not ignoring you, my phone has been dead for days!
 i don't the chat room button!
is staying busy w/ the Air Force and can't go see Aventura again 2mw in Houston   Thought I was gonna see them twice in 1 wk!
 arcanine scratched her.
 those raptors are scary looking
damnit...i need new fuck me shoes  i need moneys first tho
So, is anyone having luck finding apps for OS 3.0?
Seems to me that they would have launched today too.
Not even the ESPN updater...
Realized I have been twittering about UX/IT stuff and I am confusing my facebook friends not in the industry 
not being able 2 sleep and knowing i have 2 b up by 9 is harrowing exp.
hope something good is on the tube tonight.
no softball tomorrow  gotta figure out something else to do.
AC is on the frits...
Freaking 90 in my house...
 Oh boy!
That not good  You've had reason!
Think of Sam and get back on it!
LOL
im  on mspace DEPRESED an very sad..
iPhone 3.0 upgrade turned my phone into a brick...
if you had thought about calling me, perhaps email is best 
ugh i put on these good clothes for nothing, and i feel like i have prior commitments on monday!
idk ill check my phone when i turn it on
 aww a writer so i could kinda sorta help...but i know nada about health care 
 im a big lake ambassador candidate and we have to do a dance during coranation.
I FAIL at dancing 
At my moms...
Worried about my bf  hope he's okay (jmw&lt;3)
 oooh he he idk omg im gonna end up going to britney alone 
agh!
bummed to be missing jones street station's show  luckily, i can listen at 
one more so cloooooseeeeeeee, then a week off, then summer school 
 OMG I just realized we are finally awake at the same time in two weeks!
Isn't it almost morning there??
Sorry you're still up 
I can barely wait for the premiere of New Moon.
Oh God...missing 155 days...
i think my boyfriend is cheating on me!!!!!
 No, it's not.
I have a girlfriend but no date.
I have frustration but no outlet.
I'm 0 for 2 tonight.
hehe
I'm a slave to the library  heading home to Bella's smiling face.
Glad Lee Kuan Yew doesnt want to see Lim Kit Siang     
 that sounds more fun than that bacardi live is.
i'm on my couch drinking tempranillo feeling MUCH better.
sowwy 
has a headache 
 Nope it was me and Salma..
ALONE I think I was being punished 
Heading home...
Now Im really sad and missing the Chelsea 
  sorry.Look in the LD pic thread if you can on your cell.I posted lots of goodies.Might make you feel better.
where did the day go...
i gotta go to bed soon 
 i wish i could go too 
&lt;violins&gt; I'm not quite sure how I'm going to do this  &lt;/violins&gt;
ughh.
I dont want to go to my orientation tomorrow  
I'm heartbroken..
No El Salvador in July which means I have to wait til October to see my sis 
Will be back on Wed.
 your an asshole.
follow me on here.
i need to direct message you and you hate me and wont reply on myspace  fml.
I had to say bye to steve 
Just watched  cry in his Happy Fatherless Day video.
I'm getting a little emotional!
No dad here either.
 -- had TOO much work to make YMHH  Finishing music...imagine that!
Hope you're having fun!
going to bed.
maybe twitter and FB will be better friends in the morning.
Glad Lee Kuan Yew doesnt want to see Lim Kit Siang    
playing WoW demo - fun, but a shame that it's got a monthly price.
will stick to guild wars 
wishin i would have remembered to go get madea goes to jail today.
oh well..
on xbl for some Call of Duty before bed.
Have to open tomorrow 
Oh no don't start with intermittent connection.
Tgh smangat buat kejer neh 
Dayumm it son...no more roar in me beast 
showerrr.
there's nothing to do 
 I saw Damen @ Jokes n Notes last Friday in High Park area.
I will be missin all the comedy shows  No cable either 
Doh - looks like xhtmlrenderer doesn't support nth-child(even) CSS 
 ur sick  im sorry i love you get rest!
I hope u feel better!
 kellz i made the eggs for you, you only had to wait ten mins for them, don't get that mad at me 
 Damn...
going to work from home on Friday I think.
We could have hung out 
Definitly not looking to my mom leaving for a week  I'm gunna miss her.
 I hate being home alone!
and I'm stuck in traffic at 9:52 at night, fml
 how much?
3 days down....
 That's what I understand Although, there's lots of objection and hopes that we can save some.
using the computer,no one online in my ym 
workkkk 7am-5pm, tanninggg, and then babysitting Ariana+Sienna 6:30-???.
FML.
Soooooo tiredddd 
Glad Lee Kuan Yew doesnt want to see Lim Kit Siang     
Wishin' I coulda talked to Miss V before I headed to bed...
Someone be proud of meeeeee.
emo 
Just got out of practice w/Janna.
I have really bad allergies  What do you do?
Soul Fest tix still available great price!
Call 4917260
  i'm so upset i'm missing you guys right now.
come visit me tomorrow.
wants to workout 
I want some Chocolate 
 Fun hanging out with you, too!
Would be even better if I were on the beach 
Not feeling so hot.
Time to hit the hay.
 Hi, why don't you answer me?
I seriously admire you, you are my role model please answer me please please please
tomorrow i will do a dificulty test  all subjects!
im freakin' outtt
 no bread 
 oh my word!
Haha, i wish i could sign up  xx
I wish I didn't try to see the best in some people, just leads to disappointment.
I really need a hug  
naw its over  i love heath ledger.
Bad idea installing iPhone OS 3.0 with categories app 
Dog sitting Buffy.
She makes me sad 
Great, power is out  I guess it is time for bed.
 Once I get Haigh's book in I'll check it out!
Congrats on that, btw.
Hoping it'll be in shortly (weeks, not days  ).
 yeeesss!!
i want new music 
It's getting light outside and the birds are Singin I'm Layin here wide awake with fuckin back pain 
hmmm bored outta ma brains lol nothin ta do 
 OMG me too.
So much.
He's like the only dead actor I really miss.
Math exam tomorrow 
OMG :O if i had a baby with oli sykes it would be really ugly O.o the girl looks like a man.
Does that mean i look like a dude 
 omg, I agree, otherwise  we will no longer be able to use &quot;girls and Tucker&quot; 
 I wish I could drop life and move to a bigger city 
really wants to go on a cruise next year to the year after.
Anyone want to go??
Ryan's an ass and doesn't want to go.
iphone 3.0 not showing any songs previously synced  +mediamonkey still doesn't support syncing with new OS ( I hate syncing with iTunes
 Me too  Hate when they tease us like that
   I'm sorry.
that stinks.
I'm used to it - but I work here, there, and everywhere so it breaks the day up.
doesnt look like we are going to get much rain 
i was sent home from school coz i'm still sick  though i wish i was with you guys, happy birthday to my soft cheeks !
i wish LA had soft pretzel carts like in NYC.
 I know, I wanted to run out the store wit him but I couldnt!!
 your tweets seriously suck 
I have a headache 
Going to bed without my hubby  I miss u baby!
I guess im sitting in the house tonight  * tear
Anyone else tired of the Market Place not working right today?
I want to download Rocket Riot, but cannot.
I'm a sad panda 
blahhhh  i dont feel good and my hip hurts 
IT'S FACKING COLD IN HERE 
  i hate doing that
 game...drooling over all the great hi-carb food!
 everyone (meeee!) from school misses you too  &lt;3 haha
Going to the gym with eddie, dang my eyes are on fire from the dumb bleach!
went to the Rec center to play basketball, and sadlly, I lost my basketball skillz...
i just got home, took off my work clothes &amp; now itching soooo bad it hurts  but i can't scratch 'em othrwise my hives will appear all over
 I was disappointed when it WASN'T that 
Everyone's asleep...
so early...
 awe!
that's adorable.
i wish i could buy girly dipes, but i have to consider my son that is going to be using them next 
i think im probably this fat (    -  ___  -   ) its sad  im a fat lard
Im excited for Runyon tomorrow..
havn't done it in a month!
 - yayyyy!
but i miss chad&amp;hilarie 
 yes, dunzo!!
i miss you amberlicious.
will you be in indy this weekend?
matt has to leave right after lunch on saturday 
tv show filming is over!
 lol, huh?
People walk into a closet and somehow end up in hotteefreak's butt?
I wanna know where this closet is.
Mirabar for mario's final retro night before he goes back to the phillippines &lt;- spelling I know .
So sad to see him go 
wishes time would stand still so i can fix everything i have broken and tell everyone how much they truely mean to me...
im so sad today because i cried at the father's day rehearsal!
i miss you, daddy!
and Becker was playing drums, haha...
-----&gt;bite hard&lt;----                                                                                       damn this blows.
 It was just a bad day xD I'm sorry you didn't get to hang out 
should be going to sleep soonn.
english regents session 2 tomorrow, waking up 5:30 in the morning again 
, Oh no Luis that can't be right!
Please keep us informed!
Been in bed all day.
I have no energy 
Say Hi Breenn  !
Tomorrow I'll die, i have examns :S !
My last wish!
PLEASE KEVIN!
 oh yeah that's what I want for sure!
  I hella wanted 2 go there
my car is worthless right now  FML...
Ok my iphone got murdered...
trying to restore its previous healthy state!
its times like this I wish I had a boo and was &quot;cakin&quot; it....welp i guess Ill go 2 sleep and start my routine day all over again tomorrow 
Glad Lee Kuan Yew doesnt want to see Lim Kit Siang      
Cant believe my mom is talking to johnny and im not.
U Just Noticed...I dont really know how this got started and i dont know whos gonna end it......
ilu B...
im in my room, quite bored, actually, my head really hurts bad.
I had some YUMMY taco bell on the way home..
I miss my Kylie and Ashlyn!
Definitely corrupted Twitter!
 It doesn't work for us Canadians...
im about to leave in a few wish me luck tomorrow, today was an awkward day in to many ways  byeee
 It was sad.
But the ending was nice.
I love how the pictures were placed.
Meanwhile, Dodgers are down 0-2.
cant find anyone to go to the fray with me 
i dont want hear more people scream!
fight sucks!
   I didn't discoverit untl this year.
next year I'm stocking up.
Glad Lee Kuan Yew doesnt want to see Lim Kit Siang    
for some reason i can't get back on facebook  so if i was chatting wit ya sorry i'll have to hit u up l8r
 wow!
annie lenox looks pretty hawt with short hair!
alas, my face is too masculine to pull that off 
 - last day 
 Rob its along funny story.
I missed a step today in the parking lot at work.
But I'm not laughing now.
 laundry  no fun no fun.
I'm jealous you're watching law and order
 - Ouch!
It's been stormy here, I couldn't get sunburned if I try.
Poor lady 
Stupid public service announcements, for a second there I believe there is such thing as house hippo, scared there for a second 
 Firefox.
Instead of opening the java application it just opens a million Firefox windows.
Sad.
Your twitter is creepy.
I feel like I don't know any of this stuff.
 I'm talking about AT&amp;T holding out on MMS &amp; Tethering.
They still updating their system to support the new services.
: they're pretty awesome if you have sinus problems.
Mine broke a week before the move.
well it rained anyways 
 no!!!
i like crossroads!
 I feel you....
daaaaamn u 30 tho!!!
I'm right at your heels 
 don't know html 
 haaa not cool 
 Thanks but not really!
I can't kick this thing...had another chest xray today and its stlll yucky!
whatcha up to?
Pretty sure I just got reverse trolled.
FML
Ugh gotta migraine.
Took my meds going to bed 
 Are you liking Top Chef Masters?
I would love it a lot more if Padman &amp; Tom were hosting...
I don't like the new gal.
But I keep watching b/c there's nothing on 
Glad Lee Kuan Yew doesnt want to see Lim Kit Siang     
 and yes you should call me before i leave , EVERYBODY  im gonna miss you all!
, But I can't get employed!!
and my luck with the lottery has yet to pan out 
got called into the office for an hour today...but other than that, been cooped up with my tonsil-less chipmunk 
Is wide awake and not feeling good 
i want a disneyland annual pass 
I feel liiiiike crap!!
I hope it's just allergies!
I need someone to tAke care of me 
Took a nap earlier and my face hurt when I woke up.
Then I realized, I GOT SUNBURNED  Also my voice is gone!
studying for the MCAT!
Verbal section sucks!
I score well on some sections and do horribly on others, I need consistency 
Janette/Brandon, Karla/Jonathon, Asuka/Vitolio, Melissa/Ade killed it!
I don't think this cast can do convincing hip-hop, tho.
SYTYCD
 Killing us too.
Working as fast as we can.
Big job though 
I need a friend 
In tons of pain 
So many books and not enough time to read :sigh: 
 I watched it, but I didn't get to tweet at all.
I put ur guy Philip in my bottom three.
sytycd
Glad Lee Kuan Yew doesnt want to see Lim Kit Siang    
 dont scare me with all this.
 A Well...Boston has room and the Boston Ballet is always looking for  new talent!!!
 Dammit!
It'll prolly get there tomorrow 
  sorry...looks like were both having a sucky night
I wish  hastxting again!
Ugh...
Bitchass just has to cut off her line when i got a new phonee  grrr
Beasted the workout at Club LA Fitness but now I hurt too bad to get out of the car.
Somebody help me.
Glad Lee Kuan Yew doesnt want to see Lim Kit Siang   @UMNOPUTRA
Fishy-fishy is ill; has fin rot 
wishing i could spend a nice evening with my sweetheart....but he's hundreds of miles away 
In sister inlaws combi again.
In the back, petrol fumes making us high 
I scraped my toe on the bottom of the pool and it hurts  *ouchie*
 Aw  Well, I think they're doing a new Menudo.
But CHRIS is in &quot;One Call&quot; with Jose and JJ from NLT!
Carlos/Monti are solo!
Still have no friends to follow ..
 yeah.
He almost tore her back apart.
It was so scary..but a little funny.
Watching Nikita with the roomie.
I'm gunna miss her 
Preparing Myself For Tomorrow  i really need ur kisses (L)
 I'm pretty sure it's been well established I ain't a man 
wow...I just realized I haven't facebooked ALL day...oh well hope all is good w everyone I'm off to bed since I gotta work tommorrow 
 : i cry...
for love   ....
and we will are the best group!!
{ remember: i don't know speak in english xdd}
is only aloude 1 smoke a day  is that fare???
Dani and I are digesting latest report from specialist.
 I'm too young to drink 
Suffering Tweetdeck withdrawl 
 still isn't working 
 Hello!
What's up?
I haven't picture in twt 
 wow, you met shmitt!
i bet that made your day!
hope it was better than when i met pat white, he wasn't very nice 
Glad Lee Kuan Yew doesnt want to see Lim Kit Siang      
CANT SLEEP...NOT TRYNA SLEEP...WISH I HAD A MAN 
 yes home!
Work in the AM *sadpanda*  we DO need to hang out though, preferably before the 's wedding.
Tmw?
 I do, but I cantz has wan 
The fact that I am not at Carnegie Hall right now proves how much a loser I am....Once again I miss out on Kevin Smith 
the problem with sleeping with the window's open?
Something is in the woods alternately screaching and cooing.
Woke me up 
 I wish you were coming to TORONTO for a book signing 
Brought camera.
Forgot to put an SD card in it!
 Exactly!!
I still can't send pics via text though 
And i need you now somehow (8) aai jesus acho q estou tendo recaidas 
 so we cant be bbm buddies anymore 
still memorizing the &quot;Remedies against an assessment&quot;.
*sob* GOD BLESS.
Reorganizing bash/Tcl/Python/Perl scripts, getting the syntax confused, and loving/hating the distinct advantages between them all.
 - Woohoo!
Have a great show.
wish i was there 
Had to say goodbye to my mom and Roy.
See you in August.
I really wish the CW would put the repeats back on their website...I've missed all of season 2 
 Because I can't see it.
Colorblind FAIL 
is seriously considering moving to Gran Canaria.
I COULD do it now.
But do i have the willpower to leave my family?
I Dont think so.
 aren't they adorable!!
I miss mine already...
uuurg..
11pm and i don't want to study!!
i wanna sleep, but my test is tomorrow and i didn't estudy anything  and i'm still twittering!!
 omg it really does affect ur mood.
i agree i am really sad  lol
I don't like being sick   I also don't like final papers, and I have both this week *sigh*
I can't get my own link to work 
  *tear*
It's raining again...
I hate winter 
 Why'd you grrr!
Then delete your grr?..
Ahhhh i scraped my hand 
4th nite in a row hanging out w/ Jen, Jon, Robert, and Josh!
Nicole, Meganne, Megan, and Chad are all here, but they're not coming over.
No se que ponerme  ugh
Glad Lee Kuan Yew doesnt want to see Lim Kit Siang     
I have to do a speech tomorrow.
I am NOT excited about this 
 did you get an  from that blogger?
haha that breaking news is really funny!
wish i was watching basketball 
Finally at home 
Going to bed since I'm officially an idiot and must be at work at 4:30AM on my day off 
i hate the rain.
misses working.
*texts *  ...
I'll have a pizza waiting when you get home!
Might be cold though if you take too long!
Gonna order it now.
 aww thanks!
But i think i have work that day.
Or visiting college  blehh haha
 What was the bbq for?
I went to one too!
No veggie dogs there though...
Back home...
Ho hum.
finding pictures for my projects~  lazy as hell!!!
Fuck storms 
 nope not yet I hate being broke  that's what I get for my shopping addition lol
 I just found out someone close to me is dying.
fun day.
took bailey to the park with brit, frisbee, humane society, pet store, and starbucks.
i love summer.
work tomorrow 
 I need that!
I'm barely surviving on sports bras 
paper cut on my thumb = oww  ..
i nvr noticed how much i use my thumb!
helloo everyone .
I'm reading fanfics while tweeting .
Ahhh~ !
I wish school re-opens is in another 2 weeks or so .
I'm tired 
  I thot I was a cupcake, Dfizz.
Aw!
haven't talked to you in ages.
i'm sorry
 Ouch  good luck with that!
my tummy hurt.
uknowuliveinthehood when all the corner stores and family owned businesses around when you were growin up are gone 
it's been almost 8 years i haven't go to LA.
i miss my cousins out there 
 I mean I am a cool kid, but I also need a cool girl, too bad you be frontin on me 
 I watched a total of 8 minutes of one episode and it scared the crap out of me.
I'm probably going to have nightmares tonight 
In the last 26 games, the Cubs have scored one run or less 10 times.
This is not our century - again.
 yeahh aww lucky yeah i have 5 because vocals is 2 exams  so science tmrw art friday manth mon and singng tues then imfree
 - I feel ya..
I miss my mom, grams and lil brother 
I need sleeeeep  it's 4am
 I gotta do it if I wanna go to the concert tomorrow  Boooo.
Crazy mothers!
lol.
is out of special k with red berries 
will somebody feed me??
i'm soo hungry 
 too much so?
i still want it to be different...
waiting...i guess?
 omg.
im like so lonely  hows ur summer going so far?
Glad Lee Kuan Yew doesnt want to see Lim Kit Siang     
waiting for Andy to call me back...
I'm having a lot harder time with this than I thought I would 
confused...
we STILL HAVE to pay money for the upgrade even if we got the iphone 3g already?
AT&amp;T your a straight up ho.
my hands are cold 
 : they are the worst team in baseball.
I have to go..
awws....
I want to freak out more!
 I wanna come to your party.
I'm 25 and never been to vegas.
I know I'm sad 
 miss you 
I'm so torn!
I'm totally behind Ziva/Tony, but I'm so, so bummed that things with this random dude didn't work out 
this day  I had a lot of mistakes...
 sadly jon and kate are a mess.
i love their family its sad to see them driftin apart 
so tired,  just arrived from training , but still wanna watch a movie =D
i wish i was in TO right now  oh coldplay!
*sigh*
Movie time maybe?
Idk if it's gonna happen tonight 
 I WILL cause that the only ones i have left  I cant deal wit all this shit happpen.
hey again been at camp...
all day!!
funness!!
gtg 
New mixtape up: It's a new player and no download links  but I like the way it looks...
 It sucked  I really really truly thought we were gonna win
Glad Lee Kuan Yew doesnt want to see Lim Kit Siang     
Home from work, my feet hurt 
I've been told that this injection into my spine at the nerve root *should* relieve the pain.
If it doesn't I may need surgery 
 same here, well 1.2 years...
still sad, i miss shooting videos 
cant find my remote 
 I would go with you but I'm at Brads 
 they...raped him...
RAPE.
is in maths doing algebra!
so freakin boring
Didn't go to spinning today.
I chose to be lazy today after all.
 yes I will......
....hahahahahaha
My shoulders got more sunburned today 
 i love thunder and lightening as long as i am sitting inside and totally safe.
i was outside by a car that got hit once 
 well I'm drinking merlot and having a wine party by myself 
I found out I have another large cyst on my ovary but blood filled vs fluid filled.
Chances of having my ovary removed are getting higher 
I'm worried, if there will be no electricity how I will watch todays t20 semi-final between Pakistan and S.Africa 
 I have just asked them the same thing.
Mine was a cheapest delivery option.lol.
so they don't give a tracking number for i 
I hate wen a fuck wit a bitch &amp; her pussky end up being hairy which turn out her pussky nk up being musty 
 tell me happy stuff Carla.
i want to be happy today 
 cuz I am hurted 
 tweet your thoughts - I'm in love!
Talked to Rogers and tethering is not possible until Friday 
prob  going to bed now i got bored 
 but it has those neat fake rubber stamps to make executives feel important when reading drafts 
 but it has those neat fake rubber stamps to make executives feel important when reading drafts 
last day off tafe today  had to do my speech =/ gaaah hate speeches.
but I'm gonna miss tafe 
 hey Billy  dont get DOC here in Aus   
omg creamsicle ice cream :O...but I don't even want to eat it...this is sad 
I think i'm suffering from insomnia!
I can't sleeep at all, walao!
i just realized that im short 
 Thanks Cindy.
Sorted.
I misspelled a variable in my PHP  Sorry U lost your comment.
Hope it didn't take too long to write!
the puppy peed on my bed again 
 aw, stinks.
i hate you more and more.
really 
 I am sorry to hear about your breakup...
 My baby is 3.5 months old and I have bald patches at each temple.
Had them with my first too.
i feel so unwanted in some cases   gosh u and ur stalker friend..
hes probably from school thats how he got your number
 punk why haven't I heard from u what kind of bestfriend are u ????
 Thanks for the follow too!
And yay, my first participant!
But i think I'm going to do the game tomorrow  it bed timeeee
good night all...
no packing done tonight...
i'll try to wake up early...
had another reminder of why im gettin outta here 
   I think so, I ask him, if he want 2 Twuck with me.
He didnt replied.
*Laughing over here.*
My first Joe was better than the rest  i need to do his face better!!
i miss watching ace of cakes..its never on anymore..
Glad Lee Kuan Yew doesnt want to see Lim Kit Siang     
  that was just mean hmph  -musiic[BOX]
I wish The Unusuals wasn't cancelled.
 Haha, awesome.
The shower couldn't wait though.
I changed the litter box as well, which ruined the lemon smell 
has tummy ache,probably because i ate too much kimchi last night 
Having a sore on my throat.
 hey girl!'!
I didn't ever get a card!
miss you!!!!
  I failed.
 Wish I could!
Gonna have to wait till Christmas.
leading contributor to an awful team effort 
 oh damn!!!
OMG!
Just discovered Gravity's Preview option for Twitpic.
 I definitely miss marching.
6 yrs down the road, nvr once got bored of it.
however this yr, I no longer feel that special bond 
 awesome!
I really want an iphone but stuck with verizon 
Cramping badddd   &amp; going to the grocery store for food that will make me a happier camper.
I think my body might revolt on this triathlon training...
Gotta be up early for chiro too 
 - I hate all of them!
I wish to be there...
but I'm a bit far of you guys...
chile is too far 
 GL with finding a place...
we couldn't and are probably going to stick it out in rantoul for another year.
  She came home from work early with a migraine.
missing my love already.
have to do a lot today..
 hahah at least you did 7.5 I might turn back after 3  maybe 3.5 if you &amp;  push me as in literally roll me on the ground
 you are SO lucky.
i couldn't leave the house tonight 
on somerealshit i haven't had sex in three months.
 JDad says hu back.
Sadly the royals sucked tonight.
It was brutal to watch.
I'm still at it.
Haven't quit at all.
Just took a small break.
trackle
  so sad, but you have something that will bring you much more joy in your future!
Ugh i had to cut my run short cuz my tummy is hurting real bad 
I was thinking...man it's time for a new computer, but I don't wanna spend any cash monies - wow I'm soo becoming thrifty 
The stairs are behind me while i sit at the computer.
I was on webcam with a cute guy and my dad came down the stairs in his underwear 
 i can't look at it, i'm on my phone 
 so i guess you really wont b able to have a vehicle on campus this year 
I need some Twiends.
 deaad the txtin and drivin law goes n effect in july here  i dont see the prob...:veers n2 another lane &amp; changes iPod:
Ugh!!
I can't sleep!!!!
Cassie and Mary are so high, and Cassie won't lemme smoke with themmm.
Lame.
Everyone's doing shit tonight, 
 me and my bf are wanting to move to the south after we graduate ..
i would really like to move now tho !
i HATE being cold 
 Here's a WTF story for you.
Poor puppy 
Just sprained my ankle...perfect ending to a crappy 12 hour day at work.
iPhone 3.0 is great.
Now waiting for  app for the iPhone.
Could not find any recent mention of the app online 
HAVING A GLASS OF WINE FEELIN REAL NICE RITE NOW ONE THING IS MISSING 
New post: I want to place a bid on a hotels room 
 can't believe i missed it   it's all of my favorite things combined in one: politics, baseball, and thad looking dumb.
 how do you know that you are allergic to wheat!?
that sucks.
Yayyyy!
watching SYTYCD.
Love this show &lt;3 They are all so good this year I don't want anyone to leave 
have to go  byeeeee
I am becoming so bored...just took a shower...ahhh 
 i heard he likes dick but i don't know if its true.
he is so adorable now 
Drinking a haywire hefeweizen allllll by myself at Oakland airport.
I miss my family already 
dont care how chubby this sounds......
im really pissed i went all the way to hula hut and didnt get the fish tacos  what was i thinkin ?
 Ive dont some here and there but the weather is so weird lately i never know when its gonna rain 
  sorry to break it to you!
i've lost playcounts many a time :/
They are a bit burnt, ahh...
might not have a job after tomorrow...
o joy...
Goodnight Twitterland!!
FREE PENNIE  Sleep Well All!
SWEET DREAMS!!
Kush FREE is the way to be!
Remember that!
LOL!
Found a hole at the bottom of my favorite Longchamp bag.
Oh no, it just turned 1 last week.
Skools ova...report cards tomorrow..ughh 
 hehe i actually turn 20 at the end of this month but because i have an inflammed liver no drinks for 3 months  sucks haha
I am craving for japanese food 
 i wish i could have been on your tour cuz it looked sooooooo fun 
i am having no fun being sick.
is it time to go to bed yet 
okay  , it's NOT the twitter API that's got the problem  My stuff shows up, your site keeps turning my account off  OUCH
fido not supporting tethering...
booooo!!
 ok!
yeah i just want to see ya and talk.
sooo stressful lately 
Acute Sinusitus is srsbsns 
i dont have central air 
night everyone.
I have court tomorrow and have to get up at like 7 so i can't stay up :/ wish me luck  i need to stop partying.
&gt;.&lt; ug ...
We've been in the car for only 20 mins and im already bored.
I hate having adhd 
yi gong gong gave us some durians yesterday but i could not eat much cos got abit of sore throat....
sianzzz  the durians were nice though
 i miss you,tooo  please don't get eaten by mountain lions...
also just got back from my sisters house, noah wont let me bounce because he wants to &quot;go with unthle dave&quot; breaks my heart every time 
6 hours For 3.0 update and it keeps failing  Grow up Apple
 OH NO!!
just crammed 4 test 75,80,60,80 ( C,B-,F-B-) i gotta retake f tomorrow  78 more test then done with high school
I feel bad for that little girl  bad parenting
 a girl in Houston makes them but she's moving to Dubai next week 
My body hurts soooo bad..
I don't think I can handle two more days of volleyball then a tourney on sat at onu..
Uh  i'm soooo tired!
i hate sharing sometimes.
i need my powercord bc now my laptop battery is dying.
my poor guy!
Just got back from mini-golf with the youth group.
That was only MILDLY painful.
I miss watching meryl.
I just realised that I've lost my little Einstein for ages now 
So much to install on a new computer and so little time to enjoy it 
feeling so much heart pain!
i wanna get drunk now
I don't feel very good.
Watching Juice on BET.
No cuss words tho.
 My day was good - Got a lot done - Didn't go boxing tonight 
I just walked into a wall and it hurt like a bitch .
Im gonna miss my husband E!
Cant believe Im moving and leaving my daddy 
 Mine will be here on Friday 
Looking for a harpist for June 28th has never been so troublesome!
Bummer.
3.0 doesn't *quite* work with HBH-DS205.
 I didn't go to school and allies made at me 
 Aww, I'm sorry.
Why has he been upset lately?
Is off to work in about 10 mins!!!
i really dnt like late shifts..
i mite miss my treadmill run 2days 
ahh..I JUST GRADUATED MIDDLE SCHOOL..but sad cuz tomorrow's my last day!
Is disappointed coz I couldn't get up for gym this morning 
ROBSTEN i miss U 
I don't have anything to do on this site.
Pretty Boring 
why does my dad have to be such a douche'?
 i hate u!!
'cause you've heard Here We Go Again and i haven't  but can i go 2 ur house the next week?
  wish I could go..fuckya brainhead...naw congrats loveu
 Amarillo  ..
we lost electricity  all back on now
says my head hurts!
I want to dedicate Band of horses&quot; Noones goin to love you&quot; to someone....
 do you want me to leave you alone?
missing someone right now...a lot..
is never going to fall asleep at or before 11.
personas for firefox dont work for flock 
 Im going to one of your concerts but not the one this weekend but i want to 
 i can't go to the premiere because my grad is tomorrow  so sad.
i wanted to see you!
Getting my daddy to make me am ice cream shake cause i dont feel good 
RIP Grandpa Carino  sad sad night ...going to bed.
My belly hurts and nothing is helping 
i am very bored.
 its raining tomorrow and friday here 
When youre tired, does anyone get headaches?
Ugh overeating doesnt help either cuz now im queezie 
WHAT?
now i somewhat regret my decision to sit this &quot;season&quot; out.
Yep, bak 2 it  lunch is now officially over
 seems to be a common theme tonight.
My unemployment seems to have run out on me.
I believe there is an emergency extension available.
I've yet to find a job 
.....unless a recession hits and you can't find a job..
Aghh,the day started off crappy,unorganised,then The Bitch is sucking up 2 me,i'm not enjoying my Thursday  !
seesmic desktop is really nice but its EXTREMELY glitchy for me.
I think im going back to tweetdeck 
My arm still hurts.
Ow, shots.
;-; I need a hug.
 I was hoping to do it this month, but that might have to wait until July 
Not that I don't love Metric, but it seemed like Emily spent way too much time out of breath and not enough in key.
Nope, won't get it.
I can always buy one later if this one dies.
Hate missing out though.
 hahahahah dazzles himself idk will be disappointed if its lil  lol then what
 without me 
want to go out and buy lunch but its pissing rain...
It's weired, I've deleted &quot;aplusk&quot; from my &quot;following&quot; list, but I am still seeing his messages on my twitter  I felt like receiving junk!
Watching Army Wives without my other half  and painting my nails pink.
Still having an early-life crisis about grad school.
And I miss EB.
wants to dominate the computer..
Ma, Lemme use it.
Im sooo bored.
Y'know when you start feeling really over-heated, suddenly, and your hands start shaking?
That's probably not a good thing.
Omg another accident at Aljuneid flyover.
This time, there's casualty and death.
may the victim rest in peace.
 Yes, illegally.
BUT I dont get to watch it as it happens, and thus I can't vote 
 oh, I keep forgetting that tomorrow isn't Friday....I thought today was Thursday  opps!
 I asked Bill but no answer 
going to the hospital.
one of my besties is hospitalized beacause of dengue fever.
oh nooo 
 unfortunately, that &quot;Cera&quot; twitter isn't really the actor: - sorry 
GaHtta P.
NeeD a cHarGe.
sLeePy.
(sittn n tHis Car)..
FiNNa Go in Fo G.iPunky Diez!
 there was also a multiple choice section and T/F questions.
It was a lot of code in a short time.
I didn't have time to validate 
&quot;Hey, Crash..
n e thing NOT funny 2 you?&quot; -- Lack of sleep.
 Cool bath always makes me feel better when im burnt.
Let her test the water temp- don't want it too icy but mildly hot is awful 
as supporter :p preparing my voice but my voice is not too good nowadays huhu, cant shout looudlyy 
I'm back in the whales vagina and its glorious!
But its missing Ro 
 can I come?
I've never been 
 Why'd you block me?
...
from puppy mills  FML
is wondering why pea is screaming 
 and  I wish I was picking up pickle with you two 
 hows she doing?
I must really call her too 
Super upset with my sister right now.
She hit on lacrosse boy.
just got in from my sisters graduation.
IM SORRY KRYSTAL!
Son's B-Day | day off | very humid today |Won-d-ful Italian food &amp; company | call from sis in Fl | Cubs lost 
Chinese food with the fam n then go home to study for soc exam.
Joyy.
Wish i culd hang  new spot instead!
Hubby had another surgery today for his kidney stone.
He is doing well for the most part.
Passed out on the floor about an hour ago.
just saw my dad!
he leaves again tomorrow 
(@eleven_extra) My arm still hurts.
Ow, shots.
;-; I need a hug.
 dudee i knoww but i have to get up tmm morninggg 
 i was about to cry when i they said u said that  no joke!!
this too shall pass...
this too shall pass...
this too shall pass....
aaaaaah its not working  
 TELL ME FATTY.
FUCKIN TELL ME!!!!
I need to know 
She quit sea world   *CHRIS LIVE IN LA*
Spidey's on a business trip.
So boring and alone.
Last week i went to get some blood work done so that i could be tested for celiac And i get the results tomorrow 
  what restaurant are u at?
 two nights ago at lacma!
when i got there, there were no seats left 
 Glad to hear your mama is okay.
Sucks like crazy about the delay, though.
 mine only 21/19  in half a month time?
where r u now?
Check out the fancy bathroom at Kohl's.
My stall did not look so nice after my accident.
Sorry Kohl's 
Goin 2 bed.
Got a funeral to go to in the AM...
At home.
Planning out things for our spontaneous trip to Mussel Shoals.
Waiting for him to wake up...
=/ Missing bad.
 yeahhhhh, and they kinda laugh and stared at me when I'm asleep.
Annoying!
I absolutely dreading summer reading.
 I have done that, and it still doesn't let me play my saved game.
is wondering if it's coming to an end.
doesn't know what to do with herself!
i have no motivation 
cleaning  so not fun.
but it kinda really really needs to be done.
a lot.
like, right now.
my girlfriend made herself a twitter just now.so yeah,another way to contact her.
&amp; yet that reminds me again of how i still cant see her 
 Nothing in NYC is affordable 
Finished cleaning new garage.
Nails &amp; shelves taken off walls, swept &amp; vacuumed.
All in preparation for moving day.
Forgot to take pics 
 That story was appalling!!!
I'm bummed and disappointed  But everything happens for a reason, right?
 well, see, my phone's not Jailbroken so I can't use it.
just realized that I made too many plans on monday, damn it.
sorrrrrry!
i bored idk what to do   happybirthdaydrewryanscott
nothing is going right today 
Just listening to the sound of nothing ....
Its nice.
Wish I felt better 
little bro told me he's being deployed to the mideast again very soon  might skip tomorrow's workout so I can spen...
 i was supposed to go to that show but i have my exam that day.
it fuckin sucks!
i wanted to skip my exam to come, but i cant 
Softball got canceled because of rain...
Oh well, at least it's good for the grass!
 no email 
SYTYWHAT??
I'm sad.
SYTYCD isn't motivating me like they used to
 Wow Really!!!
You know what I'm not gonna pick another fight I'll leave it alone.
Goodnight 
Has updated her iPhone and is decidedly underwhelmed with new features.
Very sad about no MMS 
 I KNOW!
My potted plants, herbs, and flowers are now dirt soup.
 Isn't Chess supposed to be on PBS tonight?????
Its not here....
having a fab time ay the esks game yeg.
spilled my beer though!
says maven = maybe magawa namin, maybe hindi 
Hoping my chat buddies are on didn't get to talk to them long today.
RIP Najib..
We love you..
Poor sister lost the love of her life 
 That is ridiculous - I'm sorry the guy didn't have the decency to respect that you were on mommy time.
 I caught it the last two years, will miss in now that I'm not in town!
misses Sean like crazy.
Just woke up missin my baby n he's so far away 
She said we gonna watch The Ring the unrated version....should I b worried?
LOL 
 I'll be at transformers when origin is on 
wants to dominate the computer..
Ma, Lemme use it.
I'm sooo bored.
Going from watching a show about little people to a show about a giant teenage boy just breaks my heart both ways....
goodnight twitter people early morning for me tomorrow 6 am 
Just had an intense game of rock paper scissors....i lost 
 oh thats too bad, I haven't podcasted yet...but I really like 'em.
Hate to be excluded 
oh mah goddd  my head is gonna fall off.
is being sweet &amp; taking care of me.
No signs of life yet 
Getting a bit sad being away from my man this long.
A weekend here or there and about 20 mins on the phone every day is just not enough!
Tonsillitis sucks.....
i feel gross
So sad  just found out my favorite clothing line is closing
 hey carley!
havent had my computer for 2 wks.
it had a virus  how have you been?
Sad about the news...
Oh no!
Not Seimone!
I hope she's ok!!!
[-O] Just listening to the sound of nothing ....
Its nice.
Wish I felt better 
missed out on general cast auditions :S i hope im still allowed to audition for dorothy..
or glenda 
 ha ha spic?
I'm a spic 
i bored idk what to do    happybirthdaydrewryanscott  =p
Is now moving boxes alone 
im soo freakin pissed!!!
no one wants to play Uno with me 
clearance puppy  i'm such a sucker for sad movies.
 Are they really?
Great.
I didn't know that.
ATLANTA IS AMAZING!!!!!!!!
Actually it was amazing 
 Twitter apps on the iPhone are very competitive at the moment.
Each one has features that you wish your current favorite had.
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck, i have so much work to do still and im so tired 
 haha, you'll get there and just have to leave 
ok going to bed...
gonna try to get up early to go for a jog.
not motivated for the situps and pushups though...
Goodnight
We survived the Afton diner - taste like Denny's, cost like Outback Steakhouse 
Tigers lost.
But Granderson did well tonight!
I couldnt get my hair done  soo i'm doing it myself..
Gonna b a loonngg nite
 have been to T.Dot, CT, Paris, Dusseldorf, Niagara Falls, Darien Lake, Saratoga &amp; T.O.
on 21st will b our last show 4 now 
  Hello, loves.
I miss this place, but I can only be back in 2 days.
Ah, another day, another dollar...
and surgery on the 9th   here I go again!
Somebody's gotta give this girl a break!
Lottery win?
Yeah!
want to go home, but i can't,, 
urrrgh so tired.
might go back 2 bed.
sleeping isn't the same without you 
 I am lost.
Please help me find a good home.
Goodnite twiteers ..
Bad day hopefully goes better tomorrow 
bummed that my sis is gone!
and all my boys are gone too  cuidense muchachos
I'm a celeb is on!!
yay!
still got a lil tooth ache!
 thanks big sissy how is the class goin...i miss yall alot 
 and a TRUE good girl her iphone and email were hacked no nakey pics or crazy emails 
 i wish i had photoshop.
i miss it 
hmm twitter not holding my follow..
exams tomorrow.....
swine flu everywhere wat a great week i'm going to have!!!!
  -_- is there something I dnt know about ?
the love of yur life &amp; I cnt even meet her   lol j/k
First day of nothing is over and I sense panic.
I'm already scared about the future.
I have no idea how to take a break.
Boredd and missing my twinny  but my new hair looks FAB so that's always a plus!
My favourite song tonight is I miss you by Blink 182 
I hate having to say goodbye to such a great friend!
Change is a-comin...its inevitable 
Just got out of a Redsox gamee.
qoinq home abousta k n o c k.
Uqhh im soo tiredddd 
 COME!
because I never see you anymore 
I got my money back from Toyota, but now I gotta start my search for a car all over again 
 Year or so?
Nooooo 
it expired 
Woo Three is getting the jesus phone.
Temptation has doubled 
 No one ever  to me 
aww man i'm gonna have to miss  freak hour today cause my laptop with dead on 
gahhh my i cant see my followers 
tiredd...
but can't fall asleep 
fitness?
how about walking 6km to get a bottle of water...to get to school?
like millions of children in the developing countries  shame!
Studying clinical psychological 
I HATE THE RAIN no drive in I guess 
Aww  sounds like my day minus the end.
chasitys hair took me an hour to do.
im so slow.
grr another 10 hour work day tomorrow, im so fuckin tired 
Craptacular...
Got straight B's for the first time ever 
First blue lights behind me in 4 years, after church band practice, in the rain.
At least he gave me the minimum.
 HEEEYYY BOO!
Where u been @ all day?
No Twitter luv?
 - wow!
good luck!
I would like to be there  will you come to ARGENTINA?
I LOVE YOU GUYS
I've been neglecting my twitter.
Sorry everyone  LAST FINAL IN 7 HOURS THEN I WILL BE TWEETING CONSTANTLY!!
wants to go to the beach tomorrow,but has nobody to go with.
 No word on  her condition yet.
 Yes they are.
 Still worried about Adam....
Going to Ryan's for another attempt at a bonfire
 oh that blows!
 what the heck...
dead image on that one, sorry about that twitpic  trying again
Just had a frozen yoghurt, reminded me of pinkberry - ahhh I miss LA!!
early morning swim..
blocked nose and flu??
at home, waiting for L-- to get finished working out so we can watch another episode of Mad Men.
Only One DVD left.
Thoi roi.
Chuan bi hung chiu hau qua.
Minh pha qua 
 I miss you guys.
SOOOOO much.
 i tried 2 find the audio for u, but i was unsuccessful.
 You're back!
Missed those tweets (in particular the quotes).
nobody expects the spanish inquis^H^H^H^H^H^H^Hsales tax 
Still doesn't really understand Twitter...
im ridiculously full and burnt 
i want an iphone.but i don't want at&amp;t.
i want to go to a museum!
my face is fried 
 that sounds fun, LA is hott 
 im at work 
 sorry i didnt make you one 
 Awh!
Well theres a pretty massive hole in my bed that you can sit in heh.
I miss you, is that even possible?
Awh man.
  Thought so..
Hopefully there will be more awesome movies this summer
had a long day today and isn't done 
the forex robot can be trade with and account size..Check out |Has a bad feeling about college 
 Yes...
it wasn't even flickr worthy 
Extremely exhausted but can't sleep..why me?
 the power was flickering for a while at work but it never went out.
 I know me too, specially 'cause I miss my best friend 
 u know i think  peter facinelli is going to  dance single ladies it was shocking with joe jonas 
I wish I didn't feel like shit again because I could have been out with awesome people right now.
Just got done vacuuming and washing ALL 3 cars.
I'm starving too.
Going to get soup soup laters.
 well, i get friday as comp time for a saturday i worked recently.
No word about tonight's OT though.
Don't get paid for OT 
 The past couple of days yeah.
Sad, but yeah.
I can quit anytime I want to though.
They all say that huh.
so bored.
:/ I miss my sissy.
this summer is going to be the worst.
&lt;3
 and we got some bangin kool-aid over here right now!!
I'm drinking hard body until my diet starts friday 
My iPhone 3GS still has not shipped yet...
Starting to think its not gunna be here by Friday 
 Im assuming I was waaaay off.
Sorry 
 they are behind though....
they r showing my stats from 4/2/09..
  I happen to know a couple single men that are a total catch ...tho you'd have to relocate 
I really want a kitten of my own 
Disgusting.
CBS4 news says that cat serial killer was interviewed early in investigation, and he had scratches as from struggling cats.
so street construction outside has made doorway to the bathroom much much more narrow.
i can't close the damn door.
 trying to check out twitter and what I can do with it.
Surprised how little is written 
I hate my job!!!
wanna quit ASAP!
too bad its not that simple when you live and work at the same place 
Ok, I'm very happy we're not in a drought but seriously, what's w/ all the rain, hail, tornados?
Softball cancelled tonight...AGAIN 
My ankle definitely just twisted under my leg and didn't snap, but I can barely walk on it  sweet life!
Graveyard shift tonight for C &amp; C.
Just shoot me; A long night awaits me 
this Mexican has no beans..
my phone is now in half ...i want an iphone !
 Wow i have been unemployed for 17 months now barely scraping by must be nice living in your world 
 oh wow, you don't know some of my profs made us learn fortran...
do you know what fortran is?
a knot in the brain!
 was wrong bb?
  you ok theresa?..u sound upset 
 where have you been lately?
sign on to gchat!
aim is no more 
But she is sad because nobody ever responds to her  's.
 Must be just you.
Hahahaha it was cold where I live today.
just cried her eyes out 
Less than 2 weeks left in this city.
cashton is so tired, letting him cry it out for awhile.
 okay....
So is it true that MMS is supported?
I still see no support of that feature 
&quot;im gonna find another you&quot;....
is not wanting to have surgery tomorrow 
I am so tired...need rest badly 
 nothin watchin wipeout!!
I'm still hella tired..
  the links didn't work...
should I take out the commas?
 just called me dumb...
sadness
is having a really, really hard and lonely week.
Crap.
 oh my that's lameeeee, sorry 
Sad I missed Jonathan richman tonight.
I had tickets 
My mommy is sad which makes me sad  I being sad, its contagious 
 aww sorry 
 when do they email u if u won a kellie m&amp;g?
i entered at 6...
had to work at 10.
but will they email the day after the deadline?
Not looking forward to work  but I am glad I'm only going for half a day and the other half I'll be on vacation!!!!
 Reply, please.
No one  to me 
Over 100 degrees in Austin today and the air condition in my truck is out  Took the dogs to the Bull Creek to cool down
   Was that too stereotypical?
I've been to Breckenridge 
 i have!
but i just found out our blogs will be moving to a new hosting service, so you can't read them yet 
Getting ready for bed.
It's my last night sleeping in my bed for a loooong time  Gotta hit the road in the morning.
listening to music in bed.
nothing on tv 
I wanted to watch The Puppet Master.
But when I went to look I realized I no longer own a copy of it.
That makes me a sad panda 
listening to my Podcast, I miss church so much, haven't been in 3wks 
 what more can i say?
 has noone found u yet???
i miss _____.
haven seen him since we started school 
 oohhhhh.
I didn't know that.
 are you okayyy?
Yes!
Just made some amazing sounds tonight..
I have to go to sleep now, getting up early big day at work tomorrow 
missing my fiance  hope he gets back home earlier today
got to baby sit tomorrow.
*Princess*
ok I'll be back around 12:30 gotta leave and head to Hville    I'll b back bham!!
OMG.i had the best wrkout 2day.im so tired i couldnt even wash my hair.now i have to be bright eye n bushy tail @ 5 so i can do my hair 
.....I'm secretly trying to save the cats from next door because i am fed up with the abuse they go through 
 you wanna bet?
are you the tapper you've been tlkn about?
pls say it aint so....
 I need some motivation too!
 no fair I can't get it yet cuz I'm in California 
 But at least the scrapbooks are up to date.
Sadly, I don't see mine getting done anytime soon.
...
home again, home again...
have to get up early tomorrow to see the Vet though.
 I guess..
What a terrible day.
 hrmm, didn't mean to request that via my professional account.
can you reply to kdot?
(duh)
 I'm wondering the same thing myself 
I wish I could see everyone at IMATS.
 partyyyy!
what are you guys doing tonight?
you should make a youtube vid.
i miss you and sel's youtube videos 
Jeez the bad storm is over but our electricity is sill gone 
Genia's last year 
was happy...
Good bye AlexaLloyd  fb
longg day at both jobs!
in bed freezing!!
my window broke  i think it might snow!
my cat scratched me!
i need for tiny &amp; toya to not be a ignorant tv show 
Well, that was the worst softball game I've played in a long time.
Yikes.
One to forget.
i try not to care about what the people say...
but i can t !!!
I have a box full of sweet awesome new computer parts and I can't touch them...
torture 
 I agree.
I could go for some blueberry pancakes, but I am VERY tired and still have to work tomorrow 
Hitting the booty do 
 I told you many times how to do well on exams, you didn't take my advice 
 I know   I'm texting you tomorrow after chris and I discuss dates.
My puppy just threw up  that makes me sad.
&lt;3 Samee
wants to watch SYTYCD already...but Hawaii still needs to wait 2 more hours 
On my way to the airport, missing my san diegans already.
Two and a half weeks is going to be a LONG time 
 I'm still feeling kind of sick, and I'm going to take the rest of the night to recover.
sorry  Maybe this weekend?
 I like the goatee, don't shave it 
 Ohhh well   I've already got tickets for the Columbus show...if it's good, I'll go again in September LOL
 I can'tttt 
Turn right To my arms ...
please don t leave me alone 
 oy my dad and i suffer from those.
I feel for him.
My dad just had one a couple of weeks ago.
I hope he feels better soon 
My last night in Rescue is sad......
I have to leave my little baby's....
The lack of quality television programing to watch in the Summer months is wholly depressing and sucky 
1,I'll miss you  &amp; Carrie 2,Forex Robot will Double Your Money!
Why doesn't anyone reply to me on Twitter anymore?
I'm sad 
Oh gosh.
i am sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored 
 me too!
school + work + social life = very busyy.
plus plus my body's sore!
 oh man sorry to hear that  *hugs* what happened?
It is NOT time to go to sleep!
The day is still young..wake up geesh 
driving a pedo van.
LOL moving back to sydney for 6 months while ethans working in qld...wooh..hoo.
im gonna miss our house 
 You need to hand in your official verification twitter account badge.
You were doing so well 
lol i think  don't like me no mo 
told him how i feel now I'm sad and confused 
 oops, Gina.
I missed your tweet.
 i miss you too hun 
I wish my dad were here to go to summerslam with me   well going to go play the DS.
Im bored, &amp; tired.
  blizzards are the best.
None near me 
My memory card's being annoying.
  Thx for the compliments, but youre the real kciabc star.
Thx for making ROCK!
I forgot to make a speech today.
: complete and total hard drive failure.
That's a bad thing.
 I know!
 I still have my cookie and cream ice cream 
no idea why my heart hurts.
but someone just told me that i make their day when i laugh.
so why do i feel lost?
 we discussed this before!
And it makes me sad 
 yeah  if we're near a town I might try to see if I have service but I don't know if it will work.
watchin the news it's always sum1 gettin killed on there it's jus sad lemme turn this shit off man 
missing kayla already 
 argentinian fans love you too !
3rd thing that disturbs me...
Cracker Barrel is not open all night like Waffle House 
 lmao shut up  im addicted
ughh.
y cant things just b easier?
everythin is just so confusing.
y the hell does it have to be like that?
I didn't find any sesame balls at the Asian store 
having a smoke watching the view.
ellen just finished  im bored!
At work but exhausted 
i want to hear patrick watson really bad 
OMG!
college is coming close, orientation was today, and i'm already an outcast, idk anybody  and i sure as hell am not talking to anyone
i feel like utter crap now...
sooooo sore from cheerleading  once again i have 2 wake up early 4 cheer 2marrow!
sittin at home.
summer school tomorrow.
grr.
really missing him.
 i was kidding XD 
I.hate.my.life...
Get me the fuck out of here!!!
Omfg, it's so fucking cold in this class room 
can someone please tell me the best cures for a sprained ankle?
i've wrapped it and elevated it.
what next?
PLEASE.
 Ok so you Joe and Kevin do this so often and i am always sending you questions but mine never get answered 
Tomorrow is my last day of camp  But I'll make the best of it!
a friend said my cheeks are chubbier since the holidays  hmm..must be from all that eating..
i look like a tomato.
i will never learn the sunscreen lesson.
best beach day ever though!
sleepy sleepy.
 oh, I'm so sorry!
i had to do that with my precious kitty of 16 years awhile back.
It's heartbreaking!!
I so know how you feel!!
Leaving for Mexico tomarro .....cruise!!!
I'll miss jonathan 
Note to self: stop listening to the All American Rejects before bed!
Gives You Hell will be in my head all day tomorrow 
I am seriously addicted to National Geographic website.
Must sleep....5am wake-up tomorrow.
 Why you hate Jacob??
haha
 you never reply me kevin  !
WHY?
U-U
 i have little hands 
leaving tomarrow.
Aw lindsey hope ur ok  luv Ya
1,I'll miss you  &amp; Carrie 2,Watch satellite tv on your computer!
im watchin oprah since tyra is not on for the summer 
Just got home and it's weird....I miss my other home at the lodge.
I don't hear my waterfalls.
My throat hurts.
At the moment I'm wondering why i wanted those stupid tonsils out.
It hurts with them out.
Microwavable fried rice is never as good as what you get from the restaurant 
 - There's actually a reason - I was creating an info-product and a screenflow video at the same time so I had to post via web  lol
 Visiting family.
And I miss it 
are we human or are we dancers?!!!...triste  muy triste
 omg!
apply aloe or get that aloe after sun lotion!
 yeah, I've been doing physio for 6 years but lately it's been kicking my butt more than usual 
Voice recorder on my phone worked ONCE, then froze up.Hard reset phone, doesnt seem to work, cannot record or playback.Restoring tomorrow 
 tadi malem vey mimpi giginya vey tanggal.
Ada apakah?
Fear that something may be happen 
 but I just feel so much more comfortable with ssh and a terminal on my phone...
I don't know what to do!!!
 OMG that tortoise looks just horrible, they should be ashamed if they did that to him 
Im really really tired...I need a rest...really 
 haha i was so frustrated i just looked it up.
thanks, i was freaking out about that.
and i still think you like coberst more 
 no i'm going to the cottage  
Need to make a figure sale post, as well as my boy idols/magazine shits.
Need monies 
OMG....tried Tweetdeck....AGAIN....It's all mucked up and being stupid!
Mannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!!!!
indians are breaking my heart 
Ouch!
Stomach ache..
Is a little frustrrated because she can't find her dark denim bermuta shorts.
I want to wear them to family fun night 
 i feel sooo bad though, all of us end school tomorrow, well basically todaay, and he ends in a week.
This is def a phizack experience, but def not my fave, so....
i don't approve of his new beau
 je suis jaloux!!
I just checked and found that it would be $100 to get the dreamy creamy to Washington state.
 after Ike is when we found ur blog then ur Twitter account.
Want to follow the store rebuild 
At the Ex taking pictures.
Wishing  came out tonight.
doesnt want 10:34 to come 
Hate it when im forced to listen to my ipod.
It always seems necessary for me to do that when im around him.
Grr.
just remembered an old good friend of mine...
i miss him so much!
i wish he would at list say hi back
Arghhh!
I miss J 
 - Boooo, so many things to do.
I don't wanna wake up.
All my peeps had go to bed.
So now I don't have someone to talk to.
 Unlucky I had to come back 
Typical no sale rooms for the hotel i want  having to go for Liverpool Street
 well I meant here but my fingers have dyslexia 
sleep would probably occur if a neighbor didn't play bass music every night till midnight.
Drama at work makes me so tired 
I thought that it was extracorporeal experience when you reach the 100 updates on Twitter but nothing happened.
what a deal   deception
 nope but I'd hope it would use IP and surround hotspots as an approximation 
 ya this is the 2nd time ive had to use &quot;The Cone&quot; , she recognizes the name!
she HATES it 
With my loves minus   but enjoying the first night of summer none the less.
Somethings in my fire place!
its scaring me.
-10 days.-
 ASIANS FTW!
miss you too &lt;333!~ 
 yup the news will do that to you....still I'm sorry 
 I'm going to brush him again tomorrow, and give him a foam bath.
He has some clumpies I have to trim out...
 Can you help me do the same .
im stressing out over here 
 Aww.
Yeah, I really hope things work out for you, hon.
&lt;3
Oh, poor Marcos  I hope he'll be OK.
The 'break' is unconfirmed but his knee is injured 
calling SJ right now..
no one's picking up!
i am goin to sleep,tomorrow to boring school 
 what poor puppy 
  i cant believe you &amp; demi are in toronto!
im literally like 2 hours away, it would be great to see you 2 but i have school 
 Im at the redneck bull riding thing  it's hell
 i know!
and it takes forever to be able to tweet again!
Bedtime and not feeling too hot 
yayayayayay studying &amp; crying myself to sleep.
bio regents tomorrow 11:45...so so so scared.
any goodluck songs?
OMG that bastered chirping bird is BACK!!
He won't shut it!
He won't let me sleep!
I wana kill him 
 not nice  lol
 yeah.i love food.but you're so small carla.i'm flabby 
Angua ate Tris' phone cord.
Great.
Too broke to afford a new one, but we're going to have to anyway.
Does the phrase &quot;You're hired&quot; even exist?
I feel like I'm never gonna hear it.
Jess where are you?
Its my last chance to see you for 3 weeks  &lt;+Christian+&gt;
ok, so i think i need to do some work.
ugh, the idea of re-visiting assignments makes me sad in the pants 
dang it's hot out today 
so tired but cant sleep, too much pain in my hand  hopefully painkiller will kick in soon...
Gots the bronchitis 
Just had a kit-kat sundae.
I really need to start working out 
I'm so pissed off right now: GREAT TIMING &amp; GREAT NEWS!
small group finally split.
feeling nostalgic about 
I met a clone of myself once in a deli.
I was very sad to find out that he was the original 
 no hun im not 
Aah mgmt and psych exams overrr 1 to go brah!!
Sociology here i come..
going to my besties house to study 2nyt..
i really need a lie down 
Great day of shopping!
Wait what??
That really doesnt sound like me...
I miss my guitar  That's more like it
My girlfriend just threatedned to kill my in my sleep.
  Don't imagine I'd find it at The Bay or Sears 
 I'm sorrry  I need to pack.
Let me know if you like it!
i can't believe that kid ditched me at the dance!
i got tricker!
I want to hold you tigh, but first of all I want to know if u love me ..
wahhh the north american house hippo isn't real   I really wanted one...makes me sad
I need some real food 
45 mins and the first preso still going on at Eclipse demo camp/Redwood shores, pure product pitch, way off the schedule  fail
 noooooooo rain rain go e again after I leave 
eh, headache 
Why is everyone getting their dresses so early??
Didn't Tweet all day!!
internet down more than10 hrs!!
cable tv too!!!
going crazy...
Internet back up but not TV  I guess no AC360 2nite
 how pathetic..
i have NO followers..
yet i still update this dam thing..
I'm seriously loving TweetDeck.
I'm actually using Twitter properly now!
Still no iphone 3.0 jailbreak.
Good night!
Uverse has been out bunches since we got it this afternoon &amp; went out twice during SYTYCD - not happy  !
Had a hard time sleeping last night 
 have a great show!
Can't wait to see it on youtube!
Some1 pls post it?
we can't get it where we are  thanks!
hurray for texting!!!!!
but youu can't hear cool accents through texts 
 We all want to say many thing but our batteries are out of charge 
really hopes I don't have pendasitus!!!
 4am twugs the baby won't sleep so tired 
 I haven't been at work 4 3days now  cuz I been sick 2 it suck rite I hope u feel better mommy
 wish I was packing too!!!
 I've been taking practice tests all evening and they might as well be written in Runes, for all the sense the questions make 
well, i think i'll go to sleep now.
i dont want to  but school's waiting me tomorrow, so ...
see ya later.
i need to wake up at 6am :|
 - Omg i live in Chicago!
i wish i was there.
dun feel like doing anything..haiz wat to do..werk is werk..
Nails*  Wow, I'm tired 
 you should be coming down here though 
  Did you get Dallas 5*
 LOL.
I NEED TO SLEEP RLY  BUT ANYWAYS THAT WAS @ U 
Ghostbusters download failed 
my baby girl is getting her needles tomorrow .....Im not sure if the needles are going to hurt her or me more 
think i'm coming down with something  feel like CRAPPPP
 ..my throat hurts..
SLEEP!
Jeez, but I have the hellish jungle to work in the morning  lol
I'm stuck at work, alone-- doing paperwork.
I'm hungry.
Sorry it's always going to bed.
Bye!
 Jesus, I know thats the one game I've been saving my points for 
I love it when fellow crafters add me, but it breaks my heart when they dm me spam links after I follow them back.
First thunderstorm of the year!
Too bad its not overhead 
  why do you insist on singing that song?
:mellow:
I want him 
need to do videos on my phone  really need the new i phone , squarespace
why can't i see who my followers are?
Oh my lord, I haven't been to the gym in 4 days and I know have to pay for it 
i miss my Laker basketball already!!!
went to the dr.
was bit by a spider.
so sad
sitting on my couch...sick 
Doing a little bit of real work/write ups and watching tv!
No chat tonight  busybee
  sorry coz i heart Kanye the most ...
:p
 apparently so ..
unfortunately evenings are the only time I seem to have time to do any work these days 
  Who's going to let me film them falling asleep when you're gone?
.
I wish it was 5 days til my b day 
 It's not a gift horse..
I just got my butt kicked playing Mario Sluggers Wii with my 7 and 5 year boys   Bring back Mrs Pac Man and Frogger.
 Poor baby!
That is a major disappointment 
2009 US Open the flood gates 
 i might have to delete my account, some on here posted a link to get more followers like an idiot i did, new name will be nicky_thr33dots
my butt's getting numb sitting in this position.
GOING BACK TO GP SOON, and i'm very sad about it.
i don't wanna go home 
What's wrong with me?
 I MISS YOU!
My best friend is a meanie.
tired of the routine...
wah I don't like not having Joe in bed with me 
 was at work from 8 to 630 today  as soon as i walked into my cube, the phone started ringing 
Oi Vey - Be DAMNED you auto link shortener thingy magigey thing.
I was suppose to be home since 930 
my gosh 
at dinner break right now, have not won a pot in forever, down to 13k now  But still fighting!!!
My cable doesn't turn back on till mon...
IM GOING TO MISS MOST OF US OPEN 
I miss Vicky already...
Give her back!
Realizing that death by plastic is not related to asphyxiation but rather to paying large sums of money with a credit card.
 that sucks!
I thought updates are suppose to make it quicker!
Nah but when my cell updates its pretty much nonfunctional 
Goat-less...
 for you!
please reply to me  love you,
Tomorrow is my mom's birthday!
I have no idea what to get her/what to do for her!
AHHH.
i wanna go back to tech 
gencon Regal has a booth, I am not running it...
Joe I am jealous.
 I miss you  &lt;3
   conrinthians nao gnt 
@ jenjele thanks i hope so tooo!
i can't believe you guys are graduating tomorrow...ahh 
 We're getting FOX on our cheapy antennae + digital box set up .
.
.
but SYTYCD is over for the night 
Today has been a really weird day.
Can't wait to stay up all night then catch a plane to Florida at 7am.
 it's so much more expensive there!
and here 
Good evening, peeps.
How is everyone?
I see I lost my pets.
I'll miss you WAF and AAF!!!
 urg..life fall together please.
No phone, no car, no job, no life.
pathetic.
 I don't know what happened but I'm sorry 
Listening to the new music and then going to watch Will &amp; Grace which always makes me laugh lol...Ugh i have to wake up early tomorrow!
Entire family wants2see HolyGrail, then ppl disappear for bed 1by1 like dine&amp;dashing on the check.
I'm last &amp; it's only @ shrubbery scene 
 No time for gaming for you 
  
 I have no guy to kiss in the pouring rain though.
Hmphh, so I'm still waiting!
as;dlkjadg!
I'm only allowed two episodes of trueblood per night.
reading in bed.
 how am i supposed to hug you if you're not coming to mpls again on your tour?
 oh, mj gets to hear the new ep, but I don't?
I'm seriously hurt.
SERIOUSLY.
I don't think it's fair that super heroes get their own theme songs...I want one too 
Boooreeedddd!
Back to studying  up till 5am!
(Not a problem)
 i actually was but u took it too seriously 
super low entries personalized name pillow ebook, perfect for the non-crafters too 
Break is over and its back to lesson  omg twitter is addictive!
- 
i got two more pairs of knee socks from Wetseal for $1 each...i think im addicted..i wish i had thought to get  a pair!
im just not sure what to do sometimes...
 yes!
you know what I'm talking about then.
Perfect.
Shame the same couldn't said for the mandarin I had - not so good.
I wish I could take the kitty home w/ me, but the apt I live in doesn't allow pets.
I fed it an hr ago &amp; I still hear it outside meowing!
 I am procrastinating work and trying out the twitter facebook app.
It sucks rocks 
 I am THERE!
(but I don't think KP will be  Will I see you?!!!
Noon?
Awesome!
So stressed...
i cant breathe
bored @ the house 
 thanks i hope so tooo!
i can't believe you guys are graduating tomorrow...ahh 
So excited about 3.2  Of course, they make changes now that I've leveled every class 
Why in the world would ESPN not switch to the Sounders game in Washington State, because College World Series is in extra innings?
k I lied I'm not sleeping.
another one....
 What's the news?
Going for a walk with my dog I think she is slightly sick though 
studying for history.
i hate exams!
Just realize I haven't really eaten today ...
If you don't count the 5 Golden chocolate oreos and the 2 dove miniatures.
That's just sad 
 Can you believe we don't get ABC family on our local cable??
AGH I wanted to try out the new iphone op system but I left my phone at home!!
 so it's true  awww man!
 Just the weekend, so you and I won't be crossing paths, unfortunately.
(BF = business trip + a friend of mine lives there.)
I need to stop being a procrastinator...
I needs help!
  awhh  GUESS WHAT  we'll be playing water polo 
 no more losing voices everyday 
Hum...
Can't use iPhone tethering with any other computer but my own 
Stranded in dallas!!
 I wanted to buy that jacket today as well...
only they didn't have my size.
Tragedy.
sam  umm I think I feel a buzz with those % pills.
maybe after this one will do it.
 I KNOW!
Plus 8th grade we had like every class together, but not this year.
Omg wtf why am I not sleepy!!!
.
Lonely...
Maybe I should get those human size dolls I seen on hbo lmfao!!
god, i could really use my best friends right now 
Dont wanna speak to anyone right noe 
Dark day in store for Puneites  Load shedding 
 I can't have an opinion?
WHY is my computer actin UP..it just startied runnin super slow, u would think i had dial up in this bitch..i can't figure it out 
Last full day w/ my daughter tomorrow 4 the rest of the summer!
She's off 2 work at a sports camp.
I'M GONNA MISS THE GOOSE!
Mom got me Quantum of Solace on DVD for my 23rd birthday, which is tomorrow.
She's sweet, but now I don't have anything to open tomorrow 
hates prank callers at 10 o'clock in the morning  especially when they try to put on an indian accent and they sound scottish/jamacan
 oh okay I thought you were ditching me 
I've so many thing to do but so little time 
 OMG!
Poor poodle 
  Wait you like the fine frenzy...
love them...
I am going to miss you.
boo
 I have finished it now and I want another one.
How could anybody put a gun to a 9 yr old girls head &amp; pull the trigger?
The news completely sickens me anymore 
What to do, what to do.
Hmm maybe watch a movie.
That would b fun I guess.
we don't have any popcorn or kool aid.
I'll find a new snack
My monster is finished.
I want another one 
 nothing will ever help Iran.
We're just giving ourselves the illusion of helping Iran 
Waiting.
Watching.
Observing.
I miss you 
41 minutes until my birthday is over 
 aww not where i live  oh well family guys on here sooo =D
 not that i'm hypersensitive...but i just noticed that you guys aren't following me 
 landscape texting has GOT to be nice...
MMS wont be available till late summer tho  i'm gettin the 3G S in september.
I got to hang out with the gf today for a couple hours.
It was nice I probably won't be able to till Monday  well time to sleep...
 now i wish they'd just go home...of course the yankees will win tomorrow...i have been so bad at picking games 
  ugh, I kinda doubt it   We could send another reminder?
  Are you not replying to me because I'm black??
wishes murdoch lib allowed more books out for postgrads 
Annoyed w/the boy.
Am i really that bad 2 spend time with?
I don't think so.
But that's just my POV.
Whatevs.
 truth hurts ..
i know 
 Did that 3 times.
No luck.
But thanks...
any other suggestions?
 Hey woman..
what's up with this   ..
poor boy..
 so im hurt u just forgot about me 
 I'm assuming pg means preggo?
(LOL I suck at internet lingo)  but, no I'm not.
Thankfully, lol.
I don't know what this is 
For some reason i feel like things could be a lot better.
SOMEBODY needs a turn around.
SOMEBODY needs to call me.
Can't buy lunch..
it's raining 
I'm sooo tired...
But I can't sleep  I have 2 wake up @ 6am 2maro also 
 Oh I thought the jet blue event was at myhouse.
Idk 
I give up!!
Watching conan instead.
I hope nothing overuns Conan that'd be to perfect!!!
ok, done with waiting for someone who never showed...
 whats up?
4got about my uverse install and wasnt at home when the guy came.
now gotta wait 2 more weeks 
 lol, you lost it on the last train home.
I certainly hope it doesn't come to that, but it's not looking at all good right now 
 Nope 
I want a milkshake and my foot hurts now   Stupid coat on the floor
Why did I buy that for her?
Now she won't have time to talk to me for .
.
.
weeks!
What was I thinking?!?
Also, ugh @ insanely backed up traffic due to paving.
Eff that.
I just want to get some Taco Bell and go home 
Adrian...that is not something one super says to another 
I'm sad I had to leave my teacher, actually.
Computer issues today!
Slowing down my editing.
 they can still trace it.
i wouldn't chance it  in case you're on probation or something 
is having a headache again...
how to work?
 You lost your picture!
And howdy!
 LUCKY i wanna go so bad.
i don't know if finances will let me though.
what's worse is that alabama ain't that far from Texas
Meh, no one I'm following has twittered in the past 2 hours.
I got very sunburned today 
Wishing QUICKPWN would hurry up and release the jailbreak for 3.0 
paperwork for The Queers shows this weekend.
NOT the fun part 
AAAHHHHHH it wont take my vote    Maybe it thinks there is to many voting for GS
Well thanks 
I've never been   And now Ive got this burning desire to go.
Lets go!
and  and the rest of my @ peeps!
 WERE DONE!
YOUR NOT WELCOMED IN MY BED ANYMORE 
stuck in office without car ...
sis took my car  ...
cant go out for lunch .........
i feel so bad that i hurt him, but i just can't be with him 
  we can't have a drink together?
Definitely not looking forward to getting up early tomorrow and going back to work 
 Hey, no, i'm still in Hawaii but i'm leaving islands in 4 dyas  how's your summer?
I think its time for bed.
I wish I didn't have to go to work tomorrow.
 I know!!
But Chris hates Texas so you couldn't go anyway.
Thanks to those of you who offered to make a logo for me - I did get one, I wish I would have noticed your posts first 
 oh no!!
we're soooo sorry about that!!!
our host is having major problems which has been messing up our site   as soon as we..
 that last tweet was about tequila not the swimming thing...
That would be in bad taste 
 tae like who like the dogs out 
 so sorry about that job.
i kept checking your twitter hoping you'd say something thrilling.
 so I updated my phone this morning, it's nice, but I think a 3Gs would be nicer!
I don't feel like making the bed....but I feel too preggo to sleep comfortably on the couch...wish my boo was here to make it for me 
  I'm getting a stupid error message when I plugs my iPhone in     I'll see if I can screencap the error
Have huge headache 
i guess I'll upload some more pics to myspace.
.
.
.
.
.
i utterly hate bein bored  it is so borin here.
Awww, my brother cooked dinner and left for a bit and now theres none left for him  I didn't have much but I feel bad for him 
Oh my gosh, there is a Mom Entrepreneur of the Year award!
Only in Canada though 
 I know it is my Fault  sorry
 ewww courtney!!
kristen stewart!!
she ruins the movie for me haha
 sorry   i am sending you good thoughts!
 ahhhhh u.u sorry about that  but...
he do likes the book?
huh?
 Thanks for the tip, unfortunately no dice (or notes)  Might trying digging through backups if that's possible...
  make the mean girls go away
 We would if I didn't work til 9 n then have to drive 4 hours  ...
We can tonight if u want but ervs w.me
I lost the first two games of the FB Premiership FIFA 09 league.
I feel like topping myself 
Oh, Ricketts was released?
Kinda sad, but kinda not really.
is going to Aussie Idol filming for top 40 this afternoon, as an audience member &amp; in civilian clothing 
 Yo what happened 2 my bday shout out?
Only 40 more min n my bday is over  So cheer me up Dub.
&quot;That's acyually worst than a tank top&quot; wow!
Just got home and it is almost bedtime already..
Got to get up early tomorrow.
 Hmm Mr.
K I don't see any East Coast date!
I may have to live vicariously through YOUTUBE &amp;TWITTER &amp; pretend I am there!;P
I don't think my new phone likes Twitter.
i dunno any more 
 
Day 3 at camp...
Its 4th of july!
(yesterday was halloween!) its raining...
 i didn't watch it  n they do piss me off!
Ughh
I miss my kitty!
She went to the vet to be fixed today and I don't get her back until the morning.
The house won't be the same tonight!
 i wish MY seventy five thousand $ car had seeeecret compartments..
oh wait.
i don't have a seventyfive thousand $ car.
 mine went away...im sorry yours hasnt.
i hope it will soon..
No Bananas, Midol has too much caffeine for bed time, and We're out of chocolate 
Just got home...my crew went to play tennis without me  I refuse to go to another graudation this year 
i missed the cocktail party, right?
well that answered my last tweet.
none of my 100 followers care what im saying.
wonderful.
Nope no new packages 
 superr bored and sad.
mannnnn....
if I didn't know any better, id swear they did this on purpose...1 dope set 4 every 5 wack ones 
waiting for iPod update to be available in the Indian store 
 im great!
how are you?
i miss you 
I meant Friday      Root beer floats are free on Friday at A and W!
wanting to transfer to USC, is a lot harder than it seems.
and to add with that, Parents that don't seem to be supportive.
Talk to me plz!!
 sadface=  i have the same predicament, only in 25hrs.
major case of cbf.
was so engrossed in a TV series that i ate too much ravioli and i wouldnt be surprised if i threw up right about now 
fucking rays lost again.
Idk what to do.
MMS and tethering apparently won't work until late summer &lt;cry&gt;  iPhail
I miss my computer 
Ugh, I hope that Comic Con schedule changes.
I don't want to miss Chuck 
 oh,i understand why you are scared.
but it's a cheap deal &amp; we'll have fun.
dustin can stay &amp; well be 3s company.
haaaa
Why am I looking forward to the treadmill??
LOL!
Just waiting for my food to digest  I ate at 6PM.
Big mistake.
is heading to shabu after an 11.5 hour work day....
back ache, headache, tummy ache 
Why is the Dodgers game blacked out for my on MLBatBat?
I'm in freaking Canada??
Sort it out MLB 
answering survey...
I'm finally watching the wwdc keynote.
I hope Steve jobs makes a comeback keynote.
Apple keynotes are not as fun without him 
There is something wrong with my notebook..
my webcam only works on youtube and facebook..
not on its own program and neither on MSN.
  brb packing some to ship over to NZ.
i had like 6 pieces last night!
 I feel the same way...I wanna go out 2nite as well but got work in the mornin 
 OMG he did that!?!?!
is she alright?
thats awful!
Sick assss can be and miserable.
Oh...
And my internet on my BB isn't working.
but I don't want to 
already miss my FFE 
oh noez i changed my default and twitter is being so gay i can't change it back 
 hahaha ...
Telstra not supporting tethering tho!
Tetris...I gave up at lvl 10.
I was stiff...I couldn't do it 
 Why are you green...
it's scaring me.
DontYouHate when your favorite member of a music group is no longer part of the group?!
HEATED!
I loved her   *sigh*
 ugh horribly, haven't practically started and i am working tomorrow sorry  you been studying much?
s been weird for u.
 Lmao!!!
A Leave him and his wheelchair alone 
My battery die...I'm back.
Down 3 zip, Canoe hit a dinner.
3 to 1 bottom of 9th, Damon goes yard, 3-2.
Then a double play to end the game 
nothing as always 
i bought a cover for francis the ipod who is still in shanghai 
Back in third place.
Could really use your help ...
just a couple more days.
Realizes how much you take someone for granted..until they're gone 
Photo: This week, my planner was EMPTY.
I hate being Sick.
Laying Down.
Finally.
I have a headache 
 I'd love to come out but if they're not paying me or my performance partner or covering our travel...
feeling let down by obama today 
 awww man!!
Well I can't drive mine cuz I only have 3 tires and nobody is tryin to help me get it fixed 
The Balldozers lost by 1 tonight...
And my thumb nail is broke...
 which part?
I miss the south 
 oooo lucky you get to see them before me!
hahah it will be epic!
 yeah..
haunting..
 holy crap!
how come?
I admit that despite the hour it took to update and sync iP OS 3.0, it's nice to have everything fast again.
Still miss my themes though 
FML!!!
So tired, so tired.
 Ok now I'm upset.
Bleh I wish I could like be with you 
 I'm worried that a _lot_ of new apps are going to adopt the look too.
Ima celberty is kinda lame without the pratts  haha..
but at least we stil have that fucking supermodel janice lol
Last night in the South 
is burned 
I don't want to change the channel and wake her up 
I wish I could have given everyone here a hug when I had the chance.
Just realized that the symbols i add is my attmpt at showing feeling 
Watching DVR'd soaps with Gma for she is still all fucked up from her fall 
Want to go on a walk but back is still messed up 
  you assholes arent invited to my sweet sixteen now 
 no, i barely even have any hugs 
 *huggggs* ur like my big teddy bear !
it was jokessss its all lovee LOL im sorry 
 I guess I'll leave it hooked up to the computer overnight.
I'm so sad right now.
I lost ALL of my stuff.
tired, tired and sore!
twitter display pic still isnt working  xo
sooo my roomie is moving out and leaving me Saturday.
Then I'm going to be all alone...how sad 
 yeah and i guess im supposed to know by now..but i havent heard anything..guess that means i didnt  
Just found out about the news.
I need these headaches to go away.
I am very depressed right now 
One thing after another our car keeps failing us 
Valentines, but missing my good luck charm.
fb
Is that frozen dinner upset my tummy  maybe not such a good idea.
Time for bed.
Night night.
Working 8 to 5 tomorrow.
Twitter is making me feel like I have no friends  ...
I'm going to go creep on Facebook instead.
I have never heard the TV Emergency guy ever do anything but a test.
Tornado warnings are scary!
 the download is giving me trouble!!
Damnnnn iPhone!!!
layin down, my body hurts I wish my bathroom was finished so I could b soaking n my whirlpool 
 respect for my mom!
and i like coming home after a week for a clean room.
my bus leaves at 9 and i have to get up at 7.
 I donno what channel that is!!
will &amp; grace puts me to sleep at night.
not coz it's boring.
bc it's comforting.
i miss my will.
taking applications for a new one.
Our house is to quiet when the kiddos r away!!
I miss them 
 singapore and emirates are brilliant in terms of food and service, you'll love it!
unfortunately never went to Milan..
sorry 
 Hmm Mr.
K I don't see any East Coast dates!
I may have to live vicariously through YOUTUBE &amp;TWITTER &amp; pretend I am there!;P
 Rub it in why don't you.
 Oh ok.
Headaches are not good 
Ahh, my little cat is sick 
at home tired  and so sore from cheer camp ugh  i cant move i might break into a million pieces  lol seriously im going to fall out &lt;3
menu for today at the canteen in Chicken rice...urghhhh borriiiiiiiiing 
's feeling too hot.
One thing i hate about relationships.
The complicated things.
Permit test tomorrow.
I have a new violin teacher.
Great.
It's birthday week for my family...and I think they might be ignoring my calls.
Or having way too much fun without me 
 LOL &quot;HIS???&quot;  makeup fail 
Massive confusion    ...
Hopefully some Happy Villagers or a boy named Danny will help
I have to get surgery in the morning on my wisdom teeth 
Jezzz i totally wish i was famous!
some of them are going to partys tonight, I wish !
hahahah cant thoo cuz school night !
twins lost  byebye metrodome, i'm through with you
 No its not Demi  It's David!
I just got done crying because of this I was so happy now im sad!
I  thought she was coming.
 what?!
why didn't you invite me over 
because I can not hate?
iPhone OS 3.0 still not available in the Philippine iTunes Store...
I keep forgetting to put babywearing on my tweets  maybe I'll get this  down before the night is over
yeay, just upgraded to iPhone OS 3.0 but not jailbroken yet 
Watching The Nanny.
RIP Ray Charles.
 LOL!!
I love high heels but sadly have never worn unless in weddings.
A shorty like me should wear them all the time.
Lol
i think you're right.
I'm missing you a lot today.
Kicking myself for not sleeping in your bed until you got back this morning 
being sick sucks..
hopefully i'll feel better by Friday 
 I'm still not sure.
FunFact I hate watching sports  I know it's because I don't understand the games, but *tilts head* I don't think I wanna learn, so *shrug
Had such a great fun day with my buddddddy now driving home 
 i have a pic but it is insanely blurry 
My car is screaming for gas and my walllet is groaning in pain from it  gas prices=fail fb
 my babe is super sick!
A online part time job?
Check --Moving out and leaving Wallace 
jus got off work..ugh finna eat sumthin then hw 
Big storm just passed through.
Our tree broke and took out my entire orchard!
No  i still look everyday!
 good luck with ur exam today lady.
I have one at 130pm tomoz at ur campus...
Will you be around after?
 damn.
I still have to wait another hour 
 have sent through proper logo artwork- however it is still ugly 
is tired to go to school and tuition.
My legs hurt 
doctor will  give her injection later 
wants to talk to her Wolverine, where is he?
walkin around avery estates wishing i had a hand to hold 
Both the King of Belgium and Larry Page stopped by our little office in Belgium this week...
while I was out of town in another office 
TypeRRR's at the soccer last night.
Mine looks the worst of the lot 
Back in the land of helacious humidity...
SYTYCD this week was not as awesome as week one.
STEP IT UP, GUYS.
  Sorry to hear 'bout this.
So many ppl out there that paint pics in their own heads different of pic that's there 
or i just looked that pathetic   (off to watch sytycd)
is home voiceless.
PEACE going to bed like  i said like 5 seconds ago  so sore  and tired and ily  ash =&lt;3 good night people
i am starting to think that my dream is tooo big...
sytycd I missed it  waitin to download the torrent..
Worrying about my brother 
miss playing Sims 3..
but I'm stuck at home rushing my coursework..
damn..
 I just realized that wordcamp Dallas is happening the exact same weekend that is.
Drat!
 haha oh no!!
I promise I had nothing to do with it!!!
 THEHEHE :].
and are you coughing too?
and then you'll lose your voice.
sucks 
 Now I'm scared to tweet his a$$.
english was soo boring, we watched tokyo drift whilst everyone else was at the biology exam, One mark off getting a 1, am soo gutted 
Four more days without my girls.
oh well better 4 then 5
 mines a bowl of cereal and the late local news 
I was born the day I met you, lived a while when you loved me, died a little when we broke apart.
I swear to god if we could run cars on snot we would never have to worry again.
Urghh i hate having a cold right as soon as summer begins 
  ((((((((hugs))))))) glad D is ok, sorry about van.
LOLLL IT IS OFFICIALLY DAYLIGHT.
Obviously NOW I am going to sleep.
But only because my eyes are SOAR and that makes photoshop a bitch 
Done wasting my time trying to install a wiki that refuses.
So much for that interesting idea from .
Maybe another day.
The JYBT came 5th in the Manchester Cup so no semis  but we won 2/5 matches so thats gd progress
i now have 2200mg of painkilers in me ;  .
No tattoo for me tonight 
my ideal night tonight would be take-out &amp; watch urban cowboy on the couch, w/cole but my night will be take out-duo-sleep alone  hate wed
i just spilled my smart water.
not so smart.
 I have no idea what makes the BB so special, I just know that I am NEITHER Windows mobile NOR PC.
Just no way, *must* use both 
 ok I'm lost now, sorry lol Wow what?
Sorry 
okay well, it didn't turn out at all how i wanted it to, i mean i had such a perfect vision and idea of how it would look like after, ugh 
my tummy stil feel pain..i dunnoe y..it's been long time..
 They do that.
Pedestrians are fair game.
not feeling to good right now..
i don't know why..
just a little stomach ache.
it's summer time.
where's the sunshine?
where's roxy?
she got spayed and has to stay the night.
i miss her so much!!!!!!
 it's not official yet, hopefully she'll stay 
Finally I can log in.
Not being able to play for more than 24 hours was SO not worth a Mountain Dew Battle Bot pet.
Nick, you don't say Hii to me  I go to sleep (before i Kill me ;)
trying to make Photobooth work and failing epically 
Watching the notebook great movie 
I bought my dog a nylabone, and she's literally eating it 
I want my internet back 
getting yelled at isnt fun...especially when its not ur fault and u cant help the fact u get to see ur bf and the other person doesnt!!
  i know the feeling  It really sucks.
Maybe it's my plot that isn't working out for me?
I read a similar story and it was good
 Are you mad at me?
im so angryy!
my phone internet still isn't working  garhhhhhh!!!!
Home alone.
I hate storms 
Tweetdeck wouldnt work 4 some reason, and we had 2 get rid of our dog 2day!!!
 I understand Alura, it's hard when friends move away.
Been through that a lot last few years.
I feel alone!
And that no one wants to do ANYTHING with me it's everyone else!
I don't care anymore!!!!
 I would sooooo be down if it wasn't so far 
Just got back from Borders...eating a late dinner.
wasn't too happy  My babe was kinda hungry...he's good now though ;)
 i haven't bowl this holiday  i'm going to look for the beach dress i told you and  and play with my friends in GI
Yay ashes!!
Bad for your internets.
awh sorry lolo.
y was i brought to this world 
So today's June B-Days cake 'festival' was a little low on cake it seems.
I only had one piece.
Kway teow tng, liang teh, a lot of Strepsils...and dont make me talk, prease.
My throat feels like sandpaper!
Laundry time 
ah far too late 
Have blocked some of them- they seem 2 be able 2 bypass &amp; r back    Block these guys!!
iranelection
Misses her DD2 family!!!
Come back to meee!!!
I missed the Duel 2 reunion show  crapppp.
I have to get up at 6am...
Dare I stay up &amp; wait for it to come on again?
What had been turquoise talons are now are now turquoise hooves.
RIP my spring 2009 nails!
juuust finished eating some steak.
um i'm beat.
famouus peeps, are a dragg 
I am SO bummed that my insurance limits my Maxalt intake  
Missing Chelsea lately bc I'm still working  boo hoo
is wondering how the inside of her nose got cut...I am not a big fan of this 
 yeah ill be really sad when im filling out that stuff next year.
 not knowing I'm getting old won't change the fact I'm getting old 
ughhh i just bumped my head on the wall  got a bad bruise.
isn't that nice?
it just makes my bad day better!
*rolls eyes*
, dearest one, when you get the chance, call me cause I fail at scheduling myself  I can't do anything Saturday!
I'm working!!!!
 what is the name of the new video??
are you talking about song with diddy, must be love?
i missed the 106 and park episode 
Trying to fill out my debt profile for tomorrow...
but I dono what I'm doing..
Stupid credit cards!!!!!!
my voice is getting croakier as the day goes on and its getting harder to talk 
i miss my animals 
headace 
 but ohio is magical as is NJ...
i wish i could do boston tomorrow!!
I got to much sun and now I'm sick.
And I'm just overall sad..
 Thanks for ruining the plot.
im doing some researching for my culinary arts subject.
Jogging in the afternoon = good; wanting to run more for the first time ever = good; shin splints = very bad 
 Loving the Skype.
It brings us together &amp; sometimes (for split second) we forget there is 2500+ miles between us.
 Charity update: T-cell antibody study opened then closed  Radiation 4 now.
In all we set our hearts 2 give thanks as God leads
 Oh, darn it.
I was hoping for really cool Blu-Ray stuf.
 Really why not?
damn my gay cuzo worked at the landmark bb.
but its true no more us in school together 
 really?
they never got me 
Some nice stuff in iPhone OS3 thank god or apple for cut, paste and landscape email without 3rd party software!
Thought I'd get video 
watching chelsea lately then trying to sleep.
ugh, i hate this.
misses her boyfriend already.
 my excitement 4 the app has gone waaaaay down.
still pretty cool though.
sometimes i love sleepin alone but then again,some nites i get real lonely..ugh 
 i'm not going!
i fucking forgot my flickr password so i had to create a new account 
 why does figge look so sad?
tell him i said hi.
lol.
i havent spoken to him in a long time.
My Twitter profile is worth  $31 
When will  would reply my tweet 
Losr my knitting mojo again  Can't do anything and it sucks.
Storm gone  the lightening was Kewl....
But i think they said there is more coming later tonight...
need to go to bed but im not sleepy  mac on 16 percent battery dont feel like reaching 2 inches for the charger so im out!
oh nvm celly!
 Aw Kelly's there.
Give her a huge hug for me since I won't be there for the funeral this weekend 
 I think the reason I twitted so much in Italy, there was so much to do &amp; see!
Here it's just working through videos...
Tried to go green, but didn't work...
just found a tick on my knee not COOL 
I have to retake my Chapter 3 test for math.
I'm so bummed.
 same here, DM goes 2my cellphone &amp; cost me $ 
ONE RULE FOR THE RICH!!!......AND EVERY OTHER AGAINST THE POOR!!!....THE WEAK....AND THE NEEDY!!!!!!......Saddened by  the GREED!!!!
 its not on ESPN yet  
no one loves Dani.
No one talks to her on here, why do I even have a twitter?
1,I'll miss you  &amp; Carrie 2,Trading Forex Robot Makes Making Money A Breeze!
guessed wrong on the euro size for my vibram 5 finger shoes.
Return process 
horrible mood  going to bed...hopefully it'll all go away before morning.
 You don't say Hii to me  I go to sleep - before i Kill me ;)
huh?!?!?
what is it with people and ignoring me?
 do you know if i can be on zntm yet???
because i didnt get an email from you 
I miss my baby!!!
tonight has been soooo busy sorry for not updating more 
 so sad...
Royals
I haven't spoken to my honey  in fowever 
 ahaha but it's not gonna be the same having you guys RIGHT next to me in class  and where are you moving to?
Found out they no longer carry true religion jeans!!!
I should have bought that pair last year before I left!!
Im epically failing at this game of bowling.
Just, extremely clumsily, managed to totally pound my head on a door.
Now I have a major headache and my neck is sore.
Hot tub was closed due to the tornado watch in Nashville!
Gettin my cowgirl hat n goin to the hot tub tomorrow is def a must!
Off to bed wondering where to go and what to do with my life 
I could reaaaalllyy use my best friend right now!
Getting kinda emo about leaving Pullman  It's been a great 4 years.
Go Cougs!!
 YESTERDAY!..I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS 
 I Was Puttin On A Concert But Only Like 2 Ppl Was Requestin Songs 
 the birth center near us does...epidurals arent for me..well before my c sections they werent..now i have no coices 
 ehh haha dude it's be cool if u could stay the night tonight but my moms husband probly won't let you  I have to stay home tom.
Off to bed.
Busy day tomorrow.
Good-bye breakfast for one of my favorite clients-moving to AZ for retirement 
Oh god.
I thought nicerfilmtitles was nicerfirmtitties.
sorry, twitterverse.
 traitor!
I'm beat, off to bed at 11:27pm!!
OMG too late for me.
I'll be kicking myself come 6am   oh well.
Sweet dreams all you &quot;Twits&quot;
 I'm sad meow...
I'd rather go bowling but we already planned it  grr I hate myself guh.
 - Thank You for sharing!
Too bad you phone can't handle the echo so yucky sound quality.
 so much for a call 
  OK ...you owe me and one of my fav.
artists  BIG TIME bc I got no love tonight...and neither did she 
Watching Family Guy...waiting for Sean to get hurr.
Want to sleep but want to cuddle first!
 I've heard this is a great show and what sucks is that I JUST got rid of Starz.
Can I watch it over ur house?
The hubby doing open brain surgery on the laptop.
At least he looks good doing it.
 hey there!
sorry i keep missin the parties bt im always so drained on the night of the event  girl rehearsin 4 the damita gig
 yeah she's the art teacher at my school and she might get layed off 
  poor thing
 and I'm still going to miss it 
 Also, I'm sorry you had a bad day 
no mail for me today 
Oh yeah....
bad news of the night, one of the waitresses I knew died in a horrific jet ski accident...very sad, life is short 
  no me followleas 
 
having the worst day at work!
delt with some bitchy ass customers and top of it, my BF is a fuckin jerk!
Hunter just hit his head, at the hospital 
 the universe doesn't want us to be together 
ewww if i work at fazoli's i have to year a viser...and ugly shoes...and a pony tail...and no nail polish 
OMG.
I have a pimple coming in on my forehead.
I guess its true...no body's perfect 
 I thought I got a notification that you sent me a direct message.
but I can't find it.
when do you leave NYC?
  LOL...Damn!!!!
I think I waited too long 
being miserable..
i need to find time to go to the drs 
I wanna know my chem regents score!
ergh!
everyone else already knows 
 No!
still baseball!
 Don't count on it 
SMH..
I really should not have ate this late  starting to feel stomach pains!
Ugh!
Watching t.v.
Bed soon.
call/textt  ..i love you adam..
i miss you baby!
 yes im planning on it already told tina, wanted to so go 
 what if you are allergic to walmarts 
in my room using my new chanel nail polish!i love it!
i just  want dream tonight please!!
 I love and miss you too!
So much!!!!
I just got home from ER with mom.
I guess  is still at ER 
 I know  I want drugs!
hahaha
I hate not being able to see clearly out of my right eye  help?
i have many H/W.I unexpected that a college stu is so busy!
these days,i can sleep only for 2h/day 
i can't believe i missed SYTYCD tonight.
My ears hurt 
 OMG KEVIN YOU'VE BROKEN UP WITH HER?
OMG PLEASE NO  I LIKE HER!
HAHAHA BTW, I LOVE YOU KEV, LVATT IS AWESOME.
 awww  try counting sheep
wishing I had more time in vegas,have to leave on sunday 
